All right, so we're back with episode 11
and today we have a very special guest,
Verf. Verf is a YouTuber who does
primarily Runescape content on on the
internet. Lonnie is very excited about
this. Lonnie's a big Runescape fan and
uh he's actually he's been a viewer of
ours for a long time
>> and we decided to reach out to him and
have him on. So uh thanks for uh thanks
for coming on, Verve. Appreciate it.
>> Thanks for having me. Awesome.
>> Yes.
>> So,
>> go ahead.
>> I I I was I'm sorry I'm interrupting
already. I'm I'm gonna probably No,
you're good, dude.
>> But I I just want to like I'm going to
go back in time. This probably I don't
know how long it's been. Uh Verve, how
long you been watching uh my channel? I
I don't even know like
>> I believe it's
2018.
>> Wow. So, from the beginning.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
So, I I I still I still remember the day
that you like commented on a video or
maybe you were in a live chat. I don't
know. And I looked I I clicked just
every now and then I'll click on a a
username or whatever and see and I I saw
like oh my god this dude is a rune he's
got this like you it wasn't as big back
then I don't think
>> but he's like a Runescape
video creator and he watches me and I
was just and then ever since then um Ver
will drop in and say hello every now and
then in a video and then I'll do the
same. I'll see I'll see Verf streaming.
>> I've seen streams before. Yeah.
>> And I'll drop in and I'll say, "Hey,
Verf, what's up?" And he'll say, "Hey,
back." Or whatever. And then Yeah, man.
It's just been like five years. And And
uh Yeah, dude. Thanks so much for doing
this.
>> And then you dropped a comment in on one
of the podcast shows and I think I I
messaged you on there basically inviting
you on the show. So, it was cool. So, I
appreciate you watching us, dude. Yeah.
So, so like a backstory, I found one of
Lon's um uh garage flips videos and they
those went viral back then. I think they
were very popular. So, I think I saw one
on the homepage, clicked on it, and then
binge watched like everything. And then
I found Ryan shortly after because he
had similar content and was also doing
those videos.
>> Yep.
>> So,
>> that's crazy.
>> This is interesting to me because I a
lot of times I'll meet and I'm sure you
have the same experience. U I'm calling
you I'm calling you Ver. Would you would
you like to introduce yourself with your
like actual name?
>> Right. Yeah. So, my real life name is
it's yellow.
>> Wait, how do you say that?
>> Yellow.
>> Yellow. Yellow.
>> It's
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> It's a pretty It's a pretty difficult
name to pronounce for English.
>> But starts with a J, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> J E L L E.
>> Gotcha. So, so you probably had this
too, like you, you know, you'll be out
and about and somebody will come up to
you. Oh, I I love your videos. I'll
watch you all the time. And then that,
you know, the way they're looking at you
is a little weird sometimes. Well, I I
think anyway, not you, but um because
it's like they know you,
>> but you don't know anything about them
because it's a one-way relationship,
>> right?
>> And in this case, I've watched Verf for
just a lot of hours and Ver has watched
me for a lot of hours. So, we both have
this one-way relationship that never
met.
>> Never met until a conversation
basically. Yeah.
>> Right. I think it's pretty cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you get recognized a lot by people in
public? Ver
>> um I would say like maybe twice a year.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> That's interesting. I would have thought
it would have been more than that.
>> No, like my biggest part of my audience
is from US and Canada. I would say like
50% and I'm I live in the Netherlands
and maybe like I would say 10% of my
viewers are Dutch so like occasionally
>> and it's always in very random places
like restaurants or yeah I was in
Disneyland Paris once and there's a lot
of people there right so I feel like
places like that I have a bigger chance
of you know finding someone that knows
me because it's like a big public place.
Well, that's true because Ryan does a
lot of Ryan's shifted to food content.
>> So, he'll be recognized sometime. Well,
he's recognized everywhere, but like I
do garage sales, estate sales, and like
I get recognized quite quite often at
garage sales and estate.
>> People running the sales
>> by them and by other shoppers that watch
our channel.
>> You know, we've kind of trained them how
to how to compete with us to make it
because it was too easy. So, I started
making videos about it and now it's more
challenging with like like
>> direct competitors.
>> That's right.
>> I have a question. Do in in the
Netherlands, do they have do they have
garage sales or yard sales there at all?
Because I know in like the UK they have
the car boot sale thing.
>> Um like not like how you guys have it.
No, not like in front of the porches
kind of like. So, funny story. Every few
weeks, I bring my mom to like a local
market and I help her set it up and she
sells her own stuff. Like, she makes
like cards and uh uh uh yeah, like all
kinds of creative stuff and she sells it
on the markets and I help her set it up.
And those markets, people sell like
everything, but it's that that's why I
feel like reselling is kind of hard
because I always see a few people really
early walk around kind of like hunt for
good stuff, I think. But there's rarely
in my opinion not that good of stuff. So
like it feel like it's really hard to
find good items here.
And it's not hard to sell something here
too because there's something called
Markplat. It's basically the Dutch eBay
like a platform where people sell and
it's very easy to sell stuff. Just if
you if you want to casually sell
something from your house, you just go
on the website, put it on there and you
know you can sell to people. So uh and I
think people you know a lot of people do
it but yeah
>> so people would be people would be a lot
more likely to sell on that platform
than than say like eBay. Is that
accurate?
>> Yeah. I like I think that platform here
is basically your eBay. I think people
maybe use eBay here but I think it's
pretty rare and shipping is probably way
more complicated.
>> Oh yeah yeah
>> but Mark Plats is a big platform here
like a lot of people do buy and sell on
it. Is it local pickup only or is there
shipping involved on that? Okay.
>> Okay.
>> You can basically say like, oh, you only
pick up or send it and then the the
buyer pays for the shipping usually.
>> So,
>> Okay. All right.
>> Okay. Makes sense.
>> Wow.
>> Let's c can we back up a bit and like I
don't know um
what what is your like how did you even
get started playing the game? Like how
old were you and you know like Yeah.
give us your your backstory, I guess.
>> How old are you, by the way, right now?
>> I'm 31.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. So, we're the same age. All right.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh I started playing when I was like I
think I was like 10 probably. I think it
was 2005. So, I don't exactly know. I
was around that age.
>> Okay.
>> I started playing in school because it
was a very popular game in school.
Everybody played it on the school
computers. That's how I got to know the
game and I basically didn't stop playing
since. Uh so, I played that. Wow.
>> Yeah. I always played that game. And
then I think when I was 15, I started
making videos for the first time on
YouTube.
>> I always made videos about the game. Um,
and then the current version of the game
was re-released in 2013. That's where
the popularity spiked again and I
started playing that again uh and
started making videos and uh I was
studying during the time
>> and during during my study I I was also
playing of course and made videos like
as a hobby always and then after I
finished studying I decided to try
full-time and we are here right now
basically. Wait. So, so you finished um
I I guess you'll call it university,
school, college, whatever.
>> I did a bachelor in communication and
media design. I mostly focus on editing,
animating, did some web design, brand
design. Yeah, that was basically
studied. Yeah.
>> Was very fitting as well. So,
>> when you were in school, were you always
kind of planning on that on doing on
being No,
>> no, I always did it as a hobby. I just
like to make videos
>> and
>> so funny story when I did my last
internship uh someone actually from that
company told me like why don't you try
it full time like you know do your thing
and see how it goes. I was like nah I'm
too small it's never going to work and I
was like kind of laughing at him but
then after I finished I was kind of
thinking you know maybe I should try it
and then yeah I did try it and it worked
out in the end. So,
>> so did you did you have a job for a
while that you were working full-time
before or or No, you just went out of
college and kind of did some interns.
>> From age six, no, from age 15 to 22, I
did a dishwashing side job for like
years. That's like the only like other
job I had basically.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah,
>> that's amazing.
>> Yeah.
>> So, what you know, you said what was
your degree again that you got? Uh, it's
called communication and media design.
>> Okay. Do you design your thumbnails?
>> Uh, I used to, but I don't right now.
>> Okay. I was going to say that would make
a lot of sense because your thumbnails
are really like
>> Yeah, I did for like five years or
something.
>> Yep.
>> But then another guy, I mean, he does it
way better than me and I save time. So,
>> Oh, absolutely. Yeah.
>> Yeah, it makes sense.
>> I still do all the editing, though. I
would never hire editor.
>> So, you you edit all your videos? I I do
edit all my videos and do the design
stuff in the videos. I don't want to
have an editor or anything like that.
Never.
I don't blame you because I remember
when I was doing, you know, the
reselling content full-time or not
full-time, back when I was doing it, um,
part-time, I thought to myself, I was
like, man, it would be so nice to have
an editor, but giving up that creative
control because, you know, you have your
your own way of editing the video that
you like and that also works. That's
hard to give up to to someone else. So,
I totally get I don't blame you at all
for
>> plus like the audio, right? I I do I
have I needs to be my audio in the video
and a guy can't edit that for me. So I
need
>> Oh, that's right. Anyways,
>> yeah,
>> voice over. Yeah, makes sense.
>> Yeah,
>> I didn't think of that. Yeah, but
>> and it's really important for you too
that you control your voice because um
obviously my my channel's a lot smaller,
but I I do feel like we share a common
trait. Like I think I believe that Verf
and shed flips are both kind of uh
comfort watches. I think I I used that
term with you yesterday
>> where people just really like it's cozy,
it's it's relaxing.
Um, a lot of I I find a lot of people
just like like it's real chill,
you know, and like
>> I just put it in the back when I'm like
playing the game or like I'm just
listening and,
>> you know, just having a good time. I
just sit back and enjoy. Yeah.
>> And that and that vibe that whole vibe
matters.
>> Yeah.
>> And and you could bring somebody in
that, you know, okay, I want you to edit
all this up and they put in all kind of
crazy stuff and it would like could kill
your whole vibe, you it. I think like
the way your editing style like very
simplistic and just talking and like
pulling like orders and stuff, I find it
really relaxing to watch.
>> And same with the garage videos. Like
there's no editing. It's like a raw
recording of you doing stuff. I really
enjoy that.
>> Oh, thank you. Thank you.
>> And those same exact videos, so that's
why I also watched all of them because,
you know, it's the same style.
>> Ryan's Ryan's the um Ryan's a much much
better editor. his production, Ryan's
production level is like
super high.
>> That's something I wanted to ask you,
too. So, you do not only YouTube, but
you're also on Twitch, right?
>> Right. Yeah. Streaming. Yeah.
>> So, how does that work? Do you have like
I guess it's a two-part question. Like,
>> you have these video ideas, right? Which
I'm assuming the videos probably take
quite a bit of time to make.
>> Yeah.
>> Is that true? the the average hours I
believe per video I upload is around
like two 300 or something like that.
>> Whoa. Wow.
>> Like the amount of in-game progress it
requires before I usually make a video.
That's kind of my branding as well. I do
very long-term goals that not a lot of
people do.
>> People find it to watch. Yeah. Um, so
usually like I kind of know what I'm
working on in game and then I stream it
to kind of pass the time and instead of
watching like YouTube or show on the
site, I stream basically. That's like
why I started streaming.
>> That makes sense. So So you're, you
know, monetizing basically
>> also the process of making the video,
>> right?
>> So yeah, that's that's awesome. Very
smart.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's fun for me as well. Mhm. I
>> I do this exa I do something very
similar. I have a packing channel. I
don't know if you watch that or not.
>> And that's the same thing for me is that
like if if it was just a matter of like
I would not make those packing videos
unless I was already going to be, you
know what I mean? Like I wouldn't make
those special, but I'm already doing it.
All we got to do is turn the camera on.
>> Doesn't require too much extra time
>> and very very little. Like basically
>> you used to combine those things in one
video, right?
>> Like packing, pulling, everything. Talk
about it.
>> Uh yeah, occasionally. I didn't film the
packing very often, but yeah,
occasionally. And now I have kind of
separated and uh since I'm an old man
now, uh sometimes I forget whether I'm
saying something on like like look, I am
an old man because I started playing
Runescape around the same time you did.
Yeah, that's that's crazy.
>> But I was back then I was the age you
are now,
>> right?
>> So I So you you were a kid playing and I
was like a 30 32 year old man or
whatever, you know.
>> Did Did Ryan did you ever play
Runescape?
>> I did. I you know I didn't. I I never
got into it. Um, I remember I remember
going over my friend's house back in the
day. Like I would always go over there
and he was like big into Runescape and I
would watch him play.
>> Like that's that's my memories with
Runescape. I I loved watching it but
like I never played myself or
>> um
>> or anything like that. But yeah, so
>> I I actually had a question for you
both. When at what age like when did you
guys got into reselling? Like when did
it like got interesting or
uh Yeah, I was wondering.
So for me, I got into it in like 2018.
So I would have been like 23ish.
>> And uh
>> right before CO.
>> Yeah. Shortly before CO. I got into it
because my wife and I were cleaning out
a house. We had this job to clean out a
house and there's a bunch of stuff in
the house that was like valuable, worth
money. And I'm like, why don't we try
selling this stuff on eBay? see what
happens. So, uh I started watching
YouTube videos about it. Um
and and I started doing it that way. I
started selling and we were having fun
doing it and that expanded into, you
know, going to garage sales and going to
thrift stores and finding stuff. Back
then it was a lot different. It was a
lot easier to find good stuff versus
what it's like now. And um in thrift in
thrift stores especially
>> the videos like when did you start with
the videos? Oh, we started do Yeah, we
shortly after I think we started doing
videos
>> the beginning of 2019.
>> So, I immediately I was like, you know,
this is really cool. You know, all the
cuz I was already, like I said, I was
already watching YouTubers that were in
the space before and I was like, I kind
of want to try this. So, we decided to
uh jump in and it ended up that morphed
into originally it wasn't even we were
just doing reselling content like what
we found at thrift stores, what we were
selling, that kind of thing. And then it
kind of morphed into the garage sale
content because the garage sale content
really took off that year. The spring of
2019 is when it started.
>> Um, one of our friends, Justin, he uh he
was he was basically the first one to
put a camera on.
He wasn't first. Like I I The only
reason I'm stopping you is because Pete
the Craigslist Hunter is the first one I
know and he's probably going to watch
this. So Pete was
>> righting.
>> He did like the early dumpster diving
videos. I watch those as well.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> But as far as like the little GoPro, I
guess the GoPro, right? Justin was the
first to wear a GoPro. I couldn't again.
>> No. And and look,
>> yeah, I I would not bust your balls
about this except that I know Pete is
going to watch this. And I know Pete was
first.
>> I thought he said he had a big camera.
>> He did both.
>> He's carrying around a
>> Oh, he did.
>> He did it both ways and prior to Justin,
but he only did it a couple of times.
>> Okay. Anyway, doesn't really matter.
That's when that's when the the um the
garage sale, like I was saying, when the
garage sale content took off and the
channel kind of morphed into um you
know, the garage sale channel really.
So,
>> I forget what we're talking about. Why
are we getting on that sub?
>> No, he he asked me he asked you how like
>> Oh, right. How I got into it. Yeah. So,
that's basically the short form story.
>> Okay. And then
>> I I can answer it really I'm going to
try and talk fast um because I've said
this before. Um,
>> no, no, not not recently though. But at
the time I was a poker dealer.
>> Okay.
>> And I I was in the g I was in the casino
industry for a long time.
>> I dealt craps, blackjack, and then
eventually I got into dealing poker
whenever Texas Holdem got big
>> here in the States. I don't know if you
remember that or not if you're familiar.
>> I heard about it. Yeah.
>> Okay. So, I was dealing poker, money was
great, all that. And then um our poker
room closed and I was in need of a job.
I was out of work.
>> So I got a job with Apple and they sent
me an iMac and I was doing I was doing
basically tech support for Apple from
home. I was working from home and um it
sucked. It really sucked because
everybody everybody that called me they
had a problem, you know. And I I did end
up doing some like I was in a manage
manager role. I ended up making it up to
that. But then after a year, I found a
big cart of robots one day downtown.
They have like a downtown area in our
little town where they have antique
stores and stuff,
>> right? And there was a there was a cart
full of educational robots,
like robot arms
and, you know, you could program and
whatnot. And I bought like it was so
cool to me because I was into robotics
and electronics and things. It was so
interesting to me. I had never been to a
garage sale or a thrift store or an
estate sale in my life at that point.
And that was in 2015. Never been to any
of these.
>> And I I started looking these robots up
and finally I was like, you know what? I
got to buy these. I paid like $200 for
them and I ended up making about $2,000.
It was the first time. I mean, I had
flipped I had I had bought and sold
before on eBay, but I'd never bought um
I'd never gone out like purposely at
like yard sales and thrift stores and
stuff to to do it. I'd gone to like
auctions or stuff I had around the house
or I did try some wholesale for a while.
Uh but I'd never done it like I do it
now. So, I made the two grand and I
hated my job.
>> I did. Like, it it stressed me out.
>> It stressed me out, man. Like, I was
anxious all the time because I was
always concerned. It was weird, man.
I've got a weird head sometimes. I was
always concerned the next call I wasn't
going to know how to fix.
>> And it it's really strange because I was
pretty good at my job, but I was always
worried about that. And
>> but not only that, like anybody that
calls you is not going to be in a good
mood either. So that's another layer.
>> No.
>> Like it's not fun talking to these
people.
>> Yeah.
>> And then Apple Apple is a good company,
but well in a lot of ways anyways. But
uh they put a lot of pressure on the
metrics. They like the the metrics of
our performance.
>> It was like so I had pressure. I I
constantly felt pressure from from both
sides. M
>> and then I make that two grand just by
flipping some stuff. And then I started
I'm like, well, you know what? I need
let me see if I can get more stuff. So,
I went to my first couple of garage
sales. I flipped some stuff there. And
then one day I had a really bad day at
work and I quit. Oh, I I I quit. And
Candace came home from work that day
and I was sitting on the sofa watching
TV
and she she goes, "I thought you were
working." And I'm like, "I quit." And
and she goes
>> and she goes like, "What?"
>> No. She she knows how I am
>> and how impulsive I can be.
>> Um and she's she you know what she said?
She said, "I thought you might."
>> Wow.
and she wasn't she wasn't super happy.
>> Um, and to be honest, the first uh the
first cup the first I would say year
after the first year I I almost had to
quit.
>> I was not good at it. I didn't have the
knowledge.
>> That's interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> Everybody out somewhere, I guess.
>> Yeah. And like I had a lot of
>> seem to know like a lot like when you go
like to garage sales or whatever you
guys always seem so knowledge about
everything but that built up over the
years then you know that's it doesn't
>> from experience. Yeah
>> absolutely and I had a lot of I had a
ton of pressure too from family
especially her family you know her her
parents kept waiting for me to get a
real job again
>> you know and her dad was like hey I
might be able to get you on at this
place at the chemical plant
you know. Yeah,
>> he had connections at like Shell
Chemical and things and uh No, and and
then and then YouTube happened and I
started getting better and you know,
everything worked out. But yeah, that's
it. I'm sorry that wasn't so
>> It sounds like you wanted to have
control of your own like life and time
and all that stuff because you know
>> is that a novel idea?
>> Yeah, I mean it's great.
>> That's cool.
>> Well, you've kind of you've kind of done
the same thing. You you have taken a
game that you loved to play as a child
and turned it into your full-time
occupation, right?
>> Yeah. And it was also definitely a risk
at the start because I told my wife I
was like, I'm going to do this and you
know, if it doesn't work out, I'll
figure something out, but I'm just going
to try it and see what happens.
>> And yeah, I mean, very fortunate that it
worked out, but it was definitely a risk
as well at the start. Were you making
full-time like like by the time you got
out of school, were you already making
like full-time income
level type thing? Because I know you
probably didn't have to make that right
away.
>> Yeah.
>> No, no, I was not making that much at
the start. And I think when I went
full-time, I had around
>> like 18 or 20,000 subscribers, which is
crazy to think about. Like I would never
if I would see myself back in the day do
that I I would be asking you like are
you crazy like that's not very
sustainable at all you know with those
numbers but yeah it worked out
>> well you must have believed in yourself
and known that
>> I put in a lot of hours at the start
like from the start I you know I fully
believed in myself and just put in a lot
of hours and I think probably that's why
it worked as well. Well, you were also
you you said so you were married at that
point already too.
>> Uh I married two years ago.
>> Oh, okay. Okay.
>> You were with Were you with the same You
were with your wife.
>> I've been with her for almost 11 years
now.
>> Oh,
>> okay. Okay. I didn't because I didn't
know if you had I didn't know if you
were married when you made that
decision, but you would have been like
pretty young then. So,
>> yeah. Yeah.
>> Okay. Okay. Okay. I got you. So, but but
I mean when you're young,
that's that's the great thing about
being that age is you can afford like,
okay, let's say Parallel Universe Verf
gives that a shot, falls flat on his
face, it doesn't work out, and then he
has to go rely on his degree and get a
job,
>> right? That that was basically what I
was thinking. So, you know, you can take
risks,
>> especially at that age.
>> Yeah, for sure.
>> So, yeah. Was there was there much of
like a acceleration curve or was it
pretty instant that you really started
to take off or did it take a while to
really gain traction to where it was
like you know I can definitely make this
work. How long did it take till you had
that answer? So at the time I was
actually playing an account that was
really popular and that's probably why I
made that choice as well because the
videos were already doing really well
but back then like it was just way
harder to make an income of just YouTube
because it was basically only ad revenue
and that was you know that was very
difficult.
>> Mhm.
>> Uh but like as time went on uh like most
Runescape YouTubers nowadays actually
have a management team a manager that
does like sponsorships and all kinds of
stuff. So that made it possible for a
lot more people. And when that started,
people started taking off basically
because they could put all their time in
it and rely on those like sponsorships
and stuff.
>> That's actually something I had I had
written down here was do you do you take
a lot of sponsor deals or
>> Yeah, I do.
>> I I approve of your current sponsor by
the way. Um I saw that you I I I did do
boot.dev for a while myself.
>> Yeah, it's fun. Uh yeah, it is. So
you've done it as well. You've taken the
>> Yeah, I've done some of the because I I
got the code from them. So I tested it
out myself to see there. I have to say
there are a lot of different
sponsorships and I've seen a lot of like
Reddit posts and videos about people
making videos about sponsorships. So I
am pretty picky when it comes to
sponsors. I have to say I definitely
don't take all of them.
>> Smart.
>> Yeah. Boot.dev. Ryan, if you're not
familiar,
>> I'm not. Yeah,
>> they um it's a website. It's really a
it's really a cool idea. They they teach
u they teach programming like you can
learn Python
>> I don't know all the all the I can't
remember all the languages they do there
but um basically like I like you know
computer languages or computer
>> programming you to like code and stuff
like that.
>> Yeah. Or like Linux administration.
>> Oh okay. They do it in like a game
gamifying way with like you get like XP
as high scores and it makes it more fun
to learn that way. I Yeah, it's a great
idea.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, it it's awesome because Yeah, you
level up and you have like quests and
>> you have like a if you run into if you
run into trouble, there's this little
wizard uh like a bear wizard guy or
something that that'll help you out.
He's like AI,
>> you know.
So it's more it's gamifi it's not like a
set like curriculum sort of thing. It's
more gified and like
>> No, it is. No, it it's a set curriculum.
>> Oh, it is. Okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah, it is. But then like it
Yeah, it works out really good. And I've
also seen you do like some of the food
stuff before, I think, Verf in the past.
>> Yeah, HelloFresh for example.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Mhm.
>> I took a HelloFresh deal a couple years
ago.
>> Yeah, they were pretty big into uh
sponsoring. You usually see those
companies go in waves with YouTube
partnerships and you see like every
YouTuber take certain sponsors for a
period of time and had a really big one
like they they they are kind of crazy on
marketing to be honest like they're very
aggressive on marketing. Um but I think
YouTube influencer marketing is so
effective for companies I feel compared
to like the traditional ways like TV.
It's like, you know, it's from what I've
heard, the companies, you know, benefit
way more from doing marketing with
YouTubers.
>> It makes sense if you think about it
because like, you know, you have a
company that shows an ad on like a TV
show, right?
>> Most people aren't paying attention or
care as soon as the TV show turns off.
But if you have an influencer, somebody
who people like really look up to, they
respect, they like,
>> whatever that influencer says, they're
probably going to take way more to heart
than just seeing a random ad on TV.
>> So, it really is it it really is genius.
And they probably get way more ROI on
their investment doing it that way. It's
probably not even close. Yeah, I think
that
>> that's been my experience like any like
I I don't do anything hardly, but
anything I have ever recommended like
like I'm like you've verify
and um like the the worst thing for me
would be to recommend things to people
and they do it and then they're they're
they're dissatisfied. I would take that
personally. I would feel like I
personally let them down even though it
was some other company that did it, you
know? I So like I deal with
>> there's also just tons of like, you
know, companies that want to promote
things like gambling, all any there's so
many of those as well and it's so like I
think it's pretty toxic. So yeah, never
touching never touching that stuff.
As a matter of fact, it's funny you
bring up gambling because I've already
mentioned gambling as far as like what I
was doing.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and I haven't actually I've very
rarely stepped foot in a casino since
then,
>> but they just got rid there's two. Okay,
so Verf you mentioned in 2013
old school Runescape. Mhm.
>> Just before that there there was a fork
Ryan and I don't want to get too too
deep in the weeds here but
you know maybe Verf maybe Verf maybe you
should describe what happened there
because you I think you know what I'm
talking about
>> way to Runescape.
>> Yeah. You know like the how you know why
we have RS3 and why we have
>> why we have two different games.
basically the old Runescape that
everybody played at some point they did
an update to it that made the game
completely different and basically
everybody's still playing. So they kind
of ruined their own game and then for a
few years like a lot of the players
dropped off to crazy low numbers and
then in 2013 they re-released the 2007
version and that's and they put a whole
team on it with like moderators and
people they took feedback from people.
It was it was really great and it's
still really great. like it there's not
a lot of games that do it this way and
it's smart and that's basically when it
grew the game grew to like uh record
numbers like to this day there's record
numbers since like back in the day. So
>> wow that's kind of what happened
>> and and and here's the thing here's
where Ver and I kind of diverge is
because Ver went the old school
Runescape route. Lonnie went Lonnie said
no I'm stubborn. I'm sticking with.
>> So, so I I I still play Runescape 3 to
this day. I play the original game, but
>> I used to go in I used to log in. I'm
not I'm going to try not to say too much
about this. I used to log in and pretty
much I do my daily challenges and you
get some keys, right? They give you keys
when you complete these challenges and
then I would be able to go play um they
have a gam they have gambling or they
did. Oh
>> yeah,
>> in Runescape 3 they had gambling. Old
school did not have gambling. Okay.
>> They would you would earn keys in game
and then you would use the keys to
unlock these chests and it actually even
looks like a slot machine. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. They used to call it
>> it is they used to call it squeal of
fortune, you know.
>> I remember that
>> they would make it like really appealing
to children to to gamble, you know,
basically. They did. They did recently
remove some of that stuff though.
>> They did.
>> Have you heard about that?
>> Oh, absolutely I have. And that like
that's that's why this is kind of timely
because I used to actually enjoy the
gambling aspect because I would do my
challenges. I wouldn't actually like pay
money to gamble,
>> right?
>> But but they would give you the keys and
then you would you would get to gamble
with your keys for free.
>> And then you know I would get like you
know different power I'll just call them
powerups. Okay. You they they were like
experience lamps and uh bonus XP and you
know all that. So I I kind of I I'll be
honest. I kind of dug that a little bit
and that's not really in the spirit of
what uh Verf does at all.
>> Right.
>> Not even a little bit.
>> That's true. But I I know it was a
really big part of that game of
Runescape 3. It was but basically
Runescape 3 had what what would you say
uh or still does about what 10% of the
population of old school would you say?
Something like that.
>> I honestly don't know. It's Yeah, it's
probably not more than 10 or 20%. Yeah,
>> that's how much bigger old school is.
So, I'm playing like and anytime I
mention to anyone who
>> else that I play Runescape,
they always nag me because old school's
better and I know it.
>> It's always like it's always like a
competition between the two of you.
People always like making jokes about it
like, "Oh, this is better. No, this is
better." You know? Yeah. It's a It's a
>> So, is there like in the Runescape,
you know, uh YouTube space or, you know,
streaming space, is there like
>> battles between the two? Like, is there
beef or anything?
>> No, everybody's
>> It's all old school.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say I feel
like there's actually very few Runescape
3 YouTubers. There's maybe a handful
popular. Yeah. Mostly all the big
YouTubers are old school. Yeah.
Okay, makes sense.
>> Do you have beef? You know what? You've
you've probably heard us talk about
beef.
>> I I
>> No, I don't have beef.
>> Have you ever had beef
>> with other creators?
>> Yeah.
>> No, I don't think so. Everybody's really
cool with each other. Like actually
every like usually every year or so
there's something called Runefest and
like all the creators come together.
Yeah. And like everybody's really cool
with each other. It's always a fun time.
I mean, there's always like drama, you
know, like stuff, but it's really silly
stuff.
>> Do you go to
>> Yeah, go.
>> Yeah. Do
>> Do they Do they pay for you to go? Like,
do they give Do they put you up and
everything?
>> They pay for my ticket. Yes.
>> Okay. So, So,
>> where is it? Where do they usually hold
it?
>> It's in England. Uh, this year it's
going to be in Birmingham.
>> Okay. Y
>> Jagex is the uh name of the company,
Ryan. And they're they're headquartered
in uh yeah the UK. Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> So So when you go to that are you get
mobbed, huh? When you go to the the
Rofest.
>> Yeah. There's there's definitely a lot
of people that like come to you want
pictures and like like at that point in
that place then I do get approached.
>> Right. Of course.
>> Right.
>> Yeah. For sure.
>> Yeah. So, so because I've watched, see,
I I watch I don't watch a ton of video
game content other than like your your
stuff, but I do know about some of the
other streamers. Um, have you ever
watched Asmin Gold before?
>> Yeah, I've seen his stuff on YouTube.
>> Okay. Well, he covers he does actually
he has actually played a little run a
little old school on his channel in the
past,
>> right?
And but he's also he's also covered
y'all have a character in your space.
>> Uh Odo Block.
>> Oh right. Yeah. He's one he's the
biggest Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's one of
the biggest content creators.
>> He's like he's very energetic and like
you know
>> crazy basically like compared
>> he's a Runescape guy. I don't think I've
ever seen him. I'm a big Ason viewer so
I don't think
>> there's something specific in the game
which is pking. It's like player versus
player and he's very he's one of the
best in a game uh in that category and
he basically only streams that and
people love watching it and he's like a
character you know he plays like kind of
a character on stream.
>> It's very like everybody has like their
own like um you know like branding I
guess he's very outspoken like energetic
uh crazy kind of you know. Yeah. And a
lot of people watch it
>> and like it.
>> So go ahead. What?
>> Oh no. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. I
was just going to go back to uh when he
like has people come up to him at the uh
the Runefest or whatever it's called.
>> Uh how do how does that make you feel?
Like do you feel overwhelmed or is it
fun for you or
>> cuz like me like I'll just I'll say for
me like I'm kind of an introvert
>> me too.
>> Yeah. So yeah, I kind of got that vibe.
That's why I asked the question. So,
like when which I love I love being
being recognized and interacting with
fans and stuff, but sometimes like it
can be a little overwhelming and like
you know I'm kind of I'm kind of shy too
so it's a little weird you know like but
how do how's how do you like
>> I've definitely gotten better over the
years with that stuff.
>> Um
>> but like at Runefest I kind of know it
happens. It's just
>> fun. It's just I would say the word is
like draining after weekend like that.
like um like my social battery is just
drained basically.
>> Like I definitely don't mind meeting
people, talking to people, but it's like
all day constantly, right? And like you
know, I'm just like I'm almost just
thinking I'm happy the place where I
live and like my surroundings, people
don't really know me usually, right? So
like I don't have that issue in public.
Like there are YouTubers that do there's
like some Dutch vloggers that basically
can't go in public without getting
recognized. I'm very happy that's not me
because it you have no privacy, right?
So yeah, I think it's okay in my case
because like not that many people
recognize me uh in the Netherlands. So
>> have did you did you show your face on
camera from the start?
>> Uh I I believe so. Yeah, I believe so.
>> You did? Okay.
>> I think so. Yeah.
>> Okay. Cuz I I wasn't sure because I
remember I think if I went for a while
you you don't always show yourself on
your videos.
>> Usually in videos I don't because it's
just about the content. But I've always
streamed. I think I've streamed for like
eight years now or something. So, I've
always like did face cam on stream and
some in my more recent videos, I do show
my face cam in some of the clips with
the chunk account. So, but yeah, I I
I've never like uh people always kind of
knew what I looked like. Yeah. Quick
interruption. Lonnie and I want to thank
you very much for your continued support
of the Lonnie and Ryan podcast. We do
have a channel membership called the
inner circle where you can join and
watch the occasional live stream
pre-show and sometimes we record the
podcast live prior to it releasing. You
can interact with us in the chat, ask
questions, and your questions may even
be featured on the show. If you're
interested, all you got to do is hit
join down below. Let's get back to the
show.
>> So, when you when you're doing like your
like
>> like like your chunk account, right?
like like your grind. We'll just call it
for the sake of our audience here, we'll
just call it like these big grinds,
right?
>> What does that mean? Like big projects.
>> Yeah. Like like basically in-game goals
that take sometimes hundreds of hours to
meet.
>> Yeah. Like uh
before I can continue to the next thing,
those things sometimes take very long
amounts of time.
>> Like for instance, recently he burned
180,000 logs or something. I saw that.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> That's wild.
>> To like the average person, they
probably think, you know, you're crazy
or like, why are you doing this to
yourself? Or I get that a lot.
>> How long did that take you?
>> Uh the re this one did it take that
long? It took like 300 hours.
>> What kind What What kind of sicko says
300 hours? Isn't that long?
>> Yeah. Like if you play Runescape and you
know Runescape is a very timeconuming
game but yeah
>> that's that's 12 and a half that's 12
and a half days of burning logs
>> with no sleep
>> so to give you an example uh about a
year ago I did something I did mining
and I mined 400,000 ores and it took me
2,000 hours oh my
>> just for reference
>> so that's Oh my
>> it's like my it's like my specialty It
took like six or seven months or
something.
>> That's 80 83 days straight.
>> Yeah. Okay. So, I was going to So, I had
actually wrote this down
>> since since we're here.
>> Like, wow.
>> Do you think is there some kind of like
level? Is there some kind of thing with
Runescape players where do you feel like
like like we're kind like Runescape like
people that are really into the
Runescape are kind of uh massochists at
heart
>> like like like we like the pain is part
of it or something.
>> Yeah, people like watching that I think
for sure the pain and suffering.
>> I think so. There's some of that. Yeah,
for sure.
>> Because
>> it's like enjoyable to watch I think.
But even you, man, like I I hear you
like when you're rolling chunks, right?
And you're like, "No." And you get a bad
one.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's like, "Oh, no. I
just got another 1,000 hour thing." Yep.
Okay, let's do it.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. Because in in the the in the
series I'm doing right now, like the
account I'm playing, I have like a map.
So the whole game map is divided by
squares and every time I complete one of
the squares, I get a a randomly new one
on the map. It's like a slot machine. It
kind of rolls like the the next one for
me. And every like tile has it has its
own goals and some of them are quick,
some of them are like very slow. So
sometimes I get a really bad one and
then Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> That's basically like what I the account
I play.
So, so when you um I've seen I have seen
like Asmin Gold play WoW before
>> and I I I do know I I did notice like in
some of the streams he would have like
he would have like 500 people or I don't
know what the max people on a server is
or whatever, but like he had just mass
amounts of in-game people following him.
Do you
>> you have that? Do you deal with like
crowds of fans in game a lot often or
you keep it secret like what when and
and stuff?
>> You're streaming. You're streaming
though.
>> So like when I normally play the game
like people recognize me in game a lot
because they know my game. They know my
name and they know the you know they
know I make videos. In game I get
recognized a lot. They they say like hi
you know nice videos or something like
that. Uh,
>> sometimes when I'm streaming and I'm
doing specific events, like sometimes I
collect some like a bunch of like keys
like you mentioned or something that you
can collect and open. Uh, I say like,
"Oh, I'm here." And then the whole crowd
like they get a big crowd because people
are coming over because I basically tell
them, "I'm here. You know, I'm going to
do this big thing, you know, let's have
like a let's have a fun time."
Basically, sometimes like a lot of
people get like hundreds of people come
together sometimes.
The thing I like about Runescape plot is
very communitydriven in a lot of ways.
It's really cool.
You
>> do you have a Did you meet your wife on
Runescape by chance?
>> No.
>> No. I uh I met her uh she's well
actually my neighbor back in the day. We
first met when we were like
>> probably like five. We live like two
minutes apart.
>> Yeah, we live like two minutes apart.
And when we were like 20, we went to the
same school again and then we like
reconnected and we were like always
friends back in the day kind of. Yeah,
that's
>> that's how we met.
>> How many real life friends do you have
now that you do you have any real life
friends that you met in game?
Um, I mean not like that live close to
me, but like some of the other content
creators that I know and talk to, I met
them through content creation and like
chatting to them and I met some of them
last Runefest for example. So we are
kind of like friends but it's like a
different kind of relationship because
you know only see them like once every
like year or something. Right.
>> Right. But I definitely call some of
like one guy for example, we both went
full-time at around the same time and I
know I know him for like eight years now
and we went to Japan uh two times
together for example and I know him
>> he does content creation as well. He
lives in the US.
>> So
>> Oh, so that's kind of like like me and
Ryan a little bit, right?
>> Yeah.
>> So what what So he doesn't do Runescape
content?
>> No, he does. He does. He does fulltime
content as well and I met him through
his stream back in the day and we became
really good friends. We are still
friends now and we met in real life. We
did several trips together and stuff
like that.
>> Ah.
>> Oh, that is cool.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, in this game like in the
YouTube thing uh like having friends
that understand
what you're doing and like kind of
>> it's doing it alone. I can't imagine
>> you. Yeah, you guys probably have like a
bunch of like uh connections and like
people you know that do the same thing
and like do you guys have like a big
group of people that like YouTubers or
something like reselling YouTubers that
talk to each other? Like how how does
that work in your niche and space?
>> Uh didn't you you guys have like a what
is it called? Reselling rally or
something like that. That's
>> rally resell rally. Yeah. We went to
that. It's kind of like
>> and I went
>> it kind of Well, I don't really know
what Runefest is. It Well, so it's it's
a lot of like
>> resellers mo Yeah, it's Yeah. Okay. So,
it's it's similar to that. It's mostly
like you know, a handful of YouTubers
that put it on and obviously a lot of
YouTubers go.
>> Um but then there's also a good mixture
of um you know, viewers and fans of the
the different channels that go. Yeah,
we're actually
>> Yeah, we're going to one this they're
they're having it in Cincinnati in
September this year. So, we're going to
that.
>> Oh, what is he called? Is he John?
>> Is he called John?
>> Cincinnati picker John.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I used to watch
him as well back in the day.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. He's he's he's putting it on. And
um me and John are cool again. So, if
you weren't watching them because we
weren't cool.
>> Oh, no. That's [__]
I bet I bet you're sitting over there. I
bet you were sitting over there like,
"Why is Lonnie always had beef with all
these people?"
>> Beef.
>> I was I was this other guy. He was
called um I think Froggy Flips. Do you
guys know him?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, yeah. No,
>> we were never really
>> Did we have beef? So big.
>> He is so big with like the garage stuff.
Like he still does those videos and man,
he gets so many views. It's insane. I
remember when he was so small on YouTube
and now he has like dude he has like a
half a million subscribers or something,
right? Just
>> It's insane. Like wow. Yeah. I remember
his channel like completely blowing up.
And I I I've heard you talk guys talk
about it in the last podcast like you
know why you guys don't make those
videos anymore.
>> Mhm.
>> And yeah, that's
>> Yeah, it it's tough. It it got tough out
there for us personally. But
>> I I I I'm probably changing my mind
though. I'm pro I'm I may I may give it
another go because man I look at
>> I should because I look
>> I look at a lot of the people in our in
my space that are doing it
>> and it's not that good. They're not that
good at it. I mean anybody could put a
camera on
>> but yeah I'll be honest like like if
they were doing a little better job in
our space I don't know how these beef
start but if if these if these guys were
doing a little better job making these
videos I wouldn't feel the need. I need
to put some videos back out for No, no,
but it's just fun to watch. I think it's
just good. It does good in the
algorithm, too. You know,
>> it does
>> if you want to grow on YouTube, I feel
like in in your guys like niche, that's
such a good concept to just make videos
and it's easy, right? Like you just go
there anyways. You might as well record
it, edit it up a bit, and you have a
video basically, right?
>> It's always, man, it's, you know, it's a
little different. Um, because like I I
have constantly
two things pulling at me. I have the
eBay side and like the actual business
side where we're because dude like we're
we're not just playing around in here.
We're trying to buy and sell stuff to
make money. Like that's what we live on.
>> It's your full time, you know?
>> Yeah.
>> And and and then on the other hand, we
have YouTube where we're we're showing
it and talking about it and stuff and
and we talked about this with Pete. It's
like these two
>> these two things like
>> YouTube doesn't exist without the other
thing for me.
>> Yep.
>> You know, like it it'd be just like you
trying to make a video without playing
Runescape,
>> right? No. Yeah, for sure.
So, but yeah, but I think with since you
guys are source sourcing anyways and
like you Lonnie talks a lot about going
to those graduals right now in his
videos for example and then he shows his
stuff
>> but like I miss seeing you like go to
those sales just walk around and just
kind of chitchat a little bit with the
people and it's just really relaxing to
watch you know but I understand that
like not everybody you know not
everybody might like it if you put a
camera in their face
>> which you talked about as well and like
you both had bad experiences From what
I've heard in the last podcast,
>> yeah,
>> that's unfortunate.
>> Honestly though, like 99% of the time,
>> it's fine.
>> But if you But you know, just the long
>> the anxiety you get. Well, for me it was
like the anxiety after having after
having those instances. It's like
>> every time you strap the the camera on
and walk up to a house, it's like you're
like the whole time in your in your head
instead of like focusing cuz that's what
happened started happening to me instead
of like focusing on what I'm doing and
you know h trying to have an interaction
for the camera and looking for good
stuff like I'm thinking in the back of
my head, oh did they see the camera? Oh,
do they have a problem with me? Oh, are
they going to be mad at me? Like that's
what's going on in my head and I was
like I can't do this. These are all
problems that are like these are all
selfowns basically though because a a
different type of person would put on I
would love to be the guy that put on a
t-shirt. Hey, I'm on YouTube and wear
the whole Jeff harness, you know, and
hey guys, I'm on I'm filming a YouTube
video.
>> Smile. You're on camera.
>> Right. If I could
>> if I could be that guy.
>> Yeah. No, I think what Ryan is saying, I
would probably feel the same if I would
make those types of videos because like
>> I think like maybe it's like a maybe
like an introvert kind of
>> maybe, you know? I think I would feel
it's like same with vlogging. Have you
ever like vlogged like just really
public? I if you do that stuff for the
first time, it's so like uncomfortable.
I feel
>> I was doing it today. Today I was
filming in a in a a big department store
for a video I'm making and every time I
pull the camera out I'm like
>> around I wanted to make sure nobody is
really around when I before I start
>> that's weird that does that doesn't
bother me anymore like if I'm filming my
filming myself in public I'm cool with
like the other day when we were talking
yesterday we were at a market we were at
the market and I I took the c I took my
phone around and I was talking or
whatever. No biggie. I don't care. It's
when I turn that camera around and film
others.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I mean, you could you guys could I
think you did sometimes do that, but
when you like approach a garage show,
you could like say like, "Hey, is it
okay if I'm filming?" And if they say
yes, then you are already comfortable
because you know they don't mind. If
they say no, then you just don't do it.
Like maybe that would be a good way to
do it,
>> right? Or or like Pete does it where he
doesn't tell them and then after it's
over
>> after it's over then he then you know
maybe he'll tell them
>> like hey I I film I film for a YouTube
channel is it okay if I use his footage
something like that right
>> and probably nine times out of 10 they
would say yes I would imagine you know
>> or they already see the camera probably
right
>> right exactly
>> right but but verv keep just I mean You
you've never been to a garage still,
have you?
>> I mean, I've been to like flea market
kind of things.
>> Okay, it's similar.
>> Like, we don't really like not that many
people here have a garage. I mean,
people do have it, but like they aren't
called garage sales because not
everybody has a garage, I guess, but
once a year when it's King's Day in the
Netherlands, we have like a public
everybody uh is allowed to do a market
for free. That's one of the most popular
ones here. So yearly, like in every
city, in every village, they everybody
just sells their drink at home
basically.
>> And
>> so what what is King's Day? Does that
Does that like recognize the king?
>> Yeah, it's like like celebration of the
king basically. It's like a
>> Oh, interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> Why do y'all Why do y'all sell your your
old stuff you don't want anymore to
celebrate the king? I don't see the
connection.
>> I have to look this up. I have to look
this up. I don't exactly know why we do
it, but we just sell Yeah, we just sell
junk. Uh, and then, you know, besides
from that, I feel like if somebody wants
to sell something at home, they just use
the platform I talked about earlier.
>> So, there's no reason to. I don't even
know if I don't think even we are
allowed to just sit on the street and
sell stuff. I think that is not even
allowed here.
>> Really?
>> Yeah. I I think there's rules uh
according that stuff. You can just sit
on the street in public and and sell
stuff.
So,
>> we get away with a lot here. We do a lot
of stuff around here that uh
>> that's something interesting that
actually Lonnie said to me last night.
He was kind of like looking up um
>> stuff about your country
>> and what what was the percentage,
Lonnie?
>> So, I I was curious. I like Verve, my my
knowledge about where you live is not
that great. Okay, I'll be honest. and my
geography knowledge in general is not
that great,
>> but
>> don't worry about it.
>> I was curious. I was like, man, Verf's
English is really good.
>> And so I started looking. I was like,
what is the official language of the
Netherlands,
>> right?
>> And look, look, until about Ver until
about two hours ago, I thought Holland
was a country. Okay, that's where I'm
at. Okay, that's
>> it's pretty common,
right? People think people a lot of
people think like you live in Holland,
but you know the Netherlands is what
people like the Netherlands is
>> it used to be called Holland.
>> Holland is a province.
>> Oh, okay.
>> North Holland and South Holland. It's
like part of the Netherlands near the
sea. Those are like provinces. So people
confused a lot. People say Holland it's
fine, but like officially it's
provinces.
>> So where do you where do you live? What
is your province?
>> It's like the central one. It's uh
helderant.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. I I try
>> I've never even heard of that.
>> I just leaked where I live.
>> Oh, I'm sorry. We didn't
>> not trying to dox you or anything.
>> Just docked myself.
>> Just a province. It's fine.
>> No, but yeah. So, what percentage was it
that speaking? So, so yeah, what what I
looked up verified
language, but then it also said 90 to
97%
of the people there speak English as
well or fluent in English.
>> Well, I wouldn't say fluent, but most
people most people at Libya are able to
speak in some way or form English. Yes.
Yeah.
So are you are you like brought up as a
child in school taught both or like how
how do you guys how does that work?
>> I mean I think the reason I I'm very
comfortable speaking English because I
speak it every day. I don't even think
about it. It just all happens in my
head. I read something I I can reply to
that kind of deal. Uh which definitely
the reason that happened to me is
definitely streaming and just making
content for so many years I would say. I
mean we a lot of people here watch shows
like TV is the subtitles are in English
you know even just like movies in the
cinema in English that kind of situation
and then we have have it in school since
we were like I think we first started
learning nowadays it's probably even
earlier but I started learning English
at a serious level since I was like 10
or something so we had it in school and
then yeah in combination with like the
TV shows and all a lot of stuff around
us is in English too. So, we kind of,
you know, grow up with that stuff. And
then for me specifically, because I got
into streaming so early, I improved my
English a lot by streaming a lot.
>> Interesting.
>> Do Do you Do you and your wife ever You
and your wife probably just speak mainly
Dutch with each other, though, I would
imagine. Huh. Okay.
>> Right. Yeah. Yeah.
>> But I would say I speak more English on
an average day than Dutch, which is
pretty funny,
>> right?
>> I know. I I was blown away. I was like
90 to 90 90 to 97% of them speak
English. That might be more than we have
in our own in in the United States.
>> I feel so bad because sometimes
sometimes people tell me like you speak
way better than than you know English
than we speak in the US or something.
I'm like
>> yeah it's true.
>> How is that even possible? Like what? No
way. It's true. Depending where you are
crazy to me.
>> Have you ever been in the United States
before?
I have not know.
>> Do you want to?
>> Uh I don't know
>> if like not spec like I'm a big fan of
going to Asia. My wife is uh from Asia
as well.
>> Uh and we she's half Indonesian.
>> We went to Indonesia last year and I'm
also starting to learn the language. I'm
a big fan of that part of the world. I
don't know like US I don't feel like I
have a big reason to go there.
Yeah,
>> if I would go there, it would probably
be to like meet that friend I was
talking about that lives in the US. Like
go to him and visit him. But
>> where does he live?
>> He he lives on the East Coast.
>> East Coast. All right.
>> Not doxing him.
>> Yeah. Don't dox yourself. Don't dox your
buddy.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh man.
>> We We actually in school, we actually
learn like three languages. is I know
how to speak German. I had that in
school as well. We have French for two
years. Like everybody has French for two
years. Uh and yeah, right now I'm
learning Indonesian in my free time, but
that's not normal. But
>> is German and Dutch kind of close or are
they not really?
>> It's pretty similar. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. In a lot of ways.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Yep.
Going back to your YouTube channel, um,
what
have you ever do, you kept talking about
the algorithm, right? So, I'm assuming
you kind of dive into the analytic side.
>> Okay. So, this will be an easy this will
be an easy easy question for you.
>> What is the
age demographic of people that watch
you?
>> The
>> for the most part,
>> I believe like 80% of my viewers are
between 25 and 35.
So they're you. They're you.
>> Yeah. Basically because like back in the
day when a game got popular then that's
when everyone started playing and
everybody every you know everybody's
still playing the game and around that
age group.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. I feel like the game struggles a
little like it I feel like it what would
h I'm really curious what happens in
like five or 10 years from now because
everybody's going to be like 40 or
something like are we still all going to
play it or like what I wonder what's
going to happen because it's really hard
to like get new people into it.
We all be lonely at playing places.
>> We're not dead yet, Ver. We're not dead
yet.
>> We never we never quit. So,
as a matter of fact, what I was what I
was going to tell you uh earlier um was
that since they changed they're changing
Runescape 3 so much, honestly, like I I
usually feel like I I used I used to
like take about 30 minutes every night
before I go to bed.
>> Mhm. And I'd sit down, I'd do my
dailies. I' I'd I' I'd fart around on
there, whatever, play for a half hour,
and then I'd go to bed. And like that
was my routine. And now that they've
changed the the game up, the mechanics,
they took my gambling away and
everything.
I have not felt since they took Treasure
Hunter away, I have not felt compelled
to even I haven't opened it, man. And
you know, the the last time I opened in
the past week
>> was to to show you my my skill level
things in the in our the chat the other
day. That that's the last like I don't
even want to play it. So now I'm
thinking
>> if I don't want to do that anymore, I
might as well play old school.
>> Yeah, play old school. Good choice.
>> And I'm thinking about trying this whole
chunk thing out even.
>> Yeah. I mean, if you if you're down to
spend hundreds of hours on on these
goals,
>> I don't at my age, that might not be the
best plan. I'm I mean, I'm
>> I think so, too.
>> I'm gonna be honest. I have to be honest
with you. That's uh you need a lot of
time.
>> You're saying I might not live.
>> Maybe you can play Runescape and then
while playing Runescape, you list items
like you do like both, you know?
>> It's impossible. Yeah.
>> The only time I can do that is if
there's like um during the Christmas
event
>> they have like like Okay. Or even during
the beach event. And this is RS3. They
have the Have you ever heard of the
dunge engineering hole?
>> The whole
>> I know I know the engineering but not
the I don't know much about Runescape 3
to be honest.
>> Okay. Well, every summer they have a
summer event and they have it turns
>> um near near Lumbridge. It turns into a
beach. Oh, okay.
>> And they have all these different games
and stuff you can play. And one of them
is you basically click on this hole.
>> Mhm.
>> And your character dives in there and
you just getting dunge engineering XP
the whole time and you you only have to
click on the hole again once every like
10 minutes.
>> Ah, you can walk away from the computer
and it does your does the thing. Oh,
okay.
>> Right. And I would just like set a timer
on my phone and every time I I'd set the
timer for like nine minutes and then I'd
jump in the hole and then when the timer
would go off I' I'd click on the hole
again and set the timer.
>> What's dunge engineering?
>> I don't even know. And that's the thing
I like.
>> It's a skill in the game you can train.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. you have how there's like 20some
skills or something ver
>> yeah something like that I don't even
know
>> like like basically
basically like in in old school
Runescape and Runescape 3 they're
different totally different games but
they also are kind of the same they they
they're kind of the same in a lot of
ways because it happens in the same
world sort of
>> basically like the graphics and
mechanics are different but like you
have bootcutting for example in both the
games and you have certain cities in the
same games. It's just they look very
different and the way you play the games
is different. That's like
>> the biggest difference.
>> Yeah,
>> that's one of the reasons I haven't
played old school yet is because it
doesn't it looks kind of bad to me.
>> I don't blame you and that's why I think
it's hard for the game to get new
players into it because it just looks
garbage. Looks like garbage. It's like
the graphics are so bad.
>> I don't want to say that because I know
a lot of people have nostalgia for that.
>> Oh yeah. Yeah. you know, but also
another thing, Runescape 3 has a lot of
quality of life stuff,
>> but they go too far sometimes. Um, you
know, making making things easier. Like
a lot of the things that Ver you have to
equip in your inventory to use, I have
on my tool belt and I never have to
equip it. It's always with me.
>> I see.
>> You know, like axes and fishing
equipment, all that is with me all the
time. You have to go to the bank and
draw it out every time you want to use
it.
>> Yep. Right.
>> So, but I'm getting too nerdy, Ryan. I'm
sorry.
>> Oh, no. You're fine.
>> The view, some of the viewers are
probably like wondering what the hell
are they talking about.
>> Oh, one more question
>> about that while we're there. What is
your favorite town
>> in game?
>> Yes.
>> Um
Um
>> Have you ever thought about that?
>> No. Oh, I kind of like
>> I kind of like Draano Village. I think
>> it's nostalgic.
>> Drainer feel all the different towns in
the game. Do do they have a a vibe for
you? Like a a feel like like some of
them feel kind of dark and scary. Some
of them are cheerful.
>> Yeah.
>> And you know, you you know what I mean?
>> They do.
>> That's mine right here. Of course.
>> Love. Oh, there you go.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's Where did you get
that shirt?
>> Uh, I got it for Christmas. Candace gave
it to me.
>> That's cool.
>> For Christmas. So,
>> awesome.
>> Yeah.
>> Also got a lumber. I also got a
Runescape cookbook for Christmas as
well.
>> That's cool.
>> I did just remember something that we
wanted to ask you about
>> on your channel and that is
about your most viewed video,
>> right?
that. So I I don't think we have ever
seen a video
>> that is 12 hours long. What
>> I was going to pull it up maybe and
show.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead.
>> Because this is like
>> I'll show it on screen. This is crazy.
>> It's quite extraordinary actually. Let
me see.
>> I know what you guys are talking about.
Yeah.
>> Oh yeah, I know you do. That's probably
Let's see. Um
wait, hang on, Ryan. I got to figure out
how I'm sorry, Verf. I'm not I'm not
we're not we're not really streamer type
people here, so we're not
>> Cool. So, yeah. All right. So, yeah,
let's look at uh let's look at some
Verve here. So, first of look, Verve RS
180.
>> How many How many channel members do you
have? Do you know
>> I don't think I have that many because I
don't stream that much on YouTube,
>> right?
>> Yeah, I have maybe like
10, 20 or something. I don't have that
many.
>> I'm one of them. Look.
>> Oh, let's go. I joined your jo bones
yesterday actually. I was like I better
join this thing. All right, let's see.
Okay, here it is. This is the one right
here. Kuramja
>> Kuramja locked. It's got 1 point. It's
four years ago. 1.2 million views.
That's very nice, Verve. That's really
cool. But that's not the big deal here.
You know, every you know, we all see
million view videos. The crazy part
It's insane.
>> This video, it's the like other than Mr.
Beast, this is the longest 1 million
view video I've seen in my life. That's
insane.
>> Yeah. So, that specific video is for
this like Kamja Locked is one of my
accounts I used to play. It's finished
now, but this video is all the episodes
combined into one video and it's my most
popular series. And that's kind of what
made me grow a lot on YouTube. And when
people want to watch back the series,
they can watch this specific video. So a
lot of people
>> go to this one if they want to and watch
this content back.
>> So it Okay, that makes sense.
>> And YouTube really really loves to push
long form content nowadays, right? And
this video just the average watch time
for this video is like over an hour,
which for an average video on YouTube is
a lot. And they just love that stuff. So
I think that's why the feeder did really
well to be honest.
>> That was going to be my question. What
the average watch time was. I was like
what is the average?
>> It's like an hour. Yeah.
>> That's so crazy.
>> Which is funny because that's you know
what, like not even 10% of the video,
right? But because it's so long, YouTube
pushes it because you know compared to
any other video on the platform, this
easily beats it even if the average
watch time is only 10%.
So, is it still getting a lot of views
today? Is it still pretty steady?
>> Yeah. Yeah. This is probably the most
steady video that I have.
>> So, it's like it's turned into an
evergreen sort of.
>> Yep. Yep. Because people come back to
this to like rewatch it.
>> How many hours are in a year, Ver? You
probably know this number. How many
total hours are in a year? And you know,
uh I don't know. I don't know. Let me
let me find out because I want to I want
to see what what does 7,000 hours even
mean.
>> It's a big number, but I
>> like that. Right.
>> So
if if you did that's how many hours are
in a year?
>> Yeah.
>> Whoa.
>> And that's without sleeping.
>> So what what is a what does a standard
day look like for you, Ver? Like when
let's say you wake up in the morning,
what happens now? Uh,
>> typical day
>> I eat and I play Runescape
and then uh yeah, my wife comes home.
I I cook food
and then we usually hang out or if she
wants to hang out alone, I play a little
bit. Uh, I think I average around eight
or nine hours a day in Runescape like
over the course of a year.
>> Yeah, but including the weekends.
>> Okay.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Does that include editing time as
well or editing would be on top of that?
>> No, that's without editing. But I don't
make that many videos a month. Like on
average like one and a half or two or
something. So yeah.
>> How does that process look? Like do you
>> edit the video as you're going or do you
wait till like you're done whatever
mission or whatever you're trying to do
and then go?
>> I wait and I do the whole thing at once
in a few days.
>> Yeah.
>> Yep. Do do you ever do you ever like
because I've seen you get kind of not
not mad, but I understand like like
you'll roll a chunk that's like a really
a really long one
>> and you you like and you know the
commitment it's going to take and how
long it's going to take and you're like
you sound a little dis you sound kind of
just not disappointed but it's like oh
man
like
>> Yeah.
Is is that because you know it's like is
some of that because you know it's going
to be a long time before you can release
another video or something or is that
>> until I can roll like new content and
like do something different? I I
potentially know I'm in that one place
for hundreds of hours and it makes
making content harder too sometimes.
So
>> do you have different do you have
different like uh what do you call it
like a series?
>> Yeah, I play I usually play like three
accounts at once. So I mean that helps.
Yeah.
>> Wait, do you mean simultaneously?
>> Yep.
>> Whoa.
>> Do you do that on different computers or
the computer?
>> Like I have like three Runescapes open
and I play on a different character and
every character has its own videos.
>> How do you keep track of all this?
That's crazy.
>> Wow. just just started doing that and
then I because if you go to my YouTube
channel,
>> you look at the different videos, they
are different characters
>> and I play them sim simultaneously.
>> I didn't know this.
>> Well, more content in the same time
basically.
>> Oh, yeah. Because if you if all you did
was like the like if you didn't do that,
you could you could go two months
sometimes without making a video, right?
>> Exactly. Yep. And and now when you when
you stream on Twitch, you pick one of
those to do or do you have three Twitch
streams?
>> No, no. I I just you see like the
different characters on the screen when
I stream.
>> What do you mean? Like it switches to
>> No, screens.
>> So like you see one big big account like
on the main screen as like my main
character and then in the bottom you see
like a tiny little screen with like my
other character for example.
>> Okay. So you run you have all the
windows on one screen.
>> Is that what you do?
>> Mhm.
>> Ah, gotcha.
>> And then they can like see that I'm
playing multiple characters sometimes.
Yeah.
>> Okay. I you I had no I It's kind of
blown my mind. I've never I I don't
really watch Twitch at all.
>> Yeah.
>> So I I had no idea um I had no idea that
that you were doing that. That That's
even more impressive to me.
So that's something interesting to think
about is like we were talking about
earlier how you know from the outside a
lot of people might look in and say wow
Verf is playing Runescape for a living.
That's so easy. It's so easy. Doesn't
take much work. He just goes on there
and plays and he's getting all these
views and he's living the life. But like
the amount of work that you put into
this
>> Yeah.
>> is insane. Like the backend work
>> Yep.
>> crazy. Yeah. Yeah, I mean there's also
like editing and you know
>> all that type of stuff. Thinking of
video ideas and
>> y
>> streaming. I mean
>> wow.
>> I think like um
the hardest part is probably like the
mental aspect of everything. Not the
physical like I'm just sitting you know
I'm playing I'm you know sitting behind
a computer. I think you know it's not
that crazy but like uh always doing it
like there's always something to work
on. uh the hours are always there. So
that's kind of like the more difficult
part. And you're always alone for the
most part. You're sitting alone in a
room. And I that's what I hear the most.
People just don't want to do that. They
would go crazy. Like not a lot of people
to talk to.
>> Yeah. That's usually what I what people
tell me. Like I couldn't do that because
I can't sit alone in a room all day,
>> right?
Oh, I I wanted to ask you We've been
going for a pretty good B. I wanted to
ask you about the painting, though
>> because I You've been showing You've
been showing some of your paintings. You
usually do it like at the end of the
video.
>> Yeah.
>> Let me You know what? Ryan, I'm going to
uh share. Do you mind if I share If you
mind if I share like one of your
paintings here? Uh
>> that's fine.
>> Okay.
>> I can show you. Uh actually, let me send
you
>> Yeah. Yeah. Why don't you
>> once
>> or you or do you can share screen if you
want?
>> Let me see.
>> Or
>> can I I just post it in the Facebook
group. Can I do that?
>> What's that?
>> Yeah, I post it in the Facebook chat.
>> Oh. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. In in the
group chat. Yeah.
>> Yeah. I showed two. Those are like my
favorites.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> Look at that. Wow.
So tell tell us about tell us about your
your painting your painting. Um Verve,
when did you start doing this?
>> Um
>> so my grandma makes paintings.
>> She used to sell paintings as well
>> and when I was 18 I decided, hey, let's
try painting and started kind of
painting with her a bit
>> and Bob Ross watched Bob Ross videos.
>> Yes. I just I told I told Ryan that Verf
had to go away for a moment and he came
while he was gone. I was like, "Man,
this is Bob Ross."
>> Wow.
>> That's how it started basically.
>> So you watch you watch Bob Ross videos
to learn how to paint
>> kind of. Yeah. Mhm.
>> As like inspiration to like start. I was
like, "Wow, I want to try that."
So, is this is this a like a real
landscape or is this something that you
came up with in your head or what's the
inspiration for this?
>> It's a combination of it's a combination
of like YouTube guides plus, you know, a
little of my own. Uh, yeah. Wow. Like,
you know what? You know what this would
be if it had a little bridge across it?
Earth. It would look pretty It would
look very similar to the um the entrance
to the Gnome uh Gnome stronghold over on
the um
>> you know where you you know that little
bridge you cross over the river over on
the west side.
>> Oh yeah.
>> If you had a little bridge, right? Have
you ever painted a a Runescape scene
before?
Not specifically like the other painting
I shared is like I guess you could say
it's a cremea painting but not not like
something very specific from the game
but but because I did the creme account
which is a jungle like the piece of land
I played in is a jungle. I made a jungle
painting
>> specifically
around that time.
>> Have Have you ever sold any of your
artwork before Verve?
>> I don't want to sell anything.
>> You don't?
>> No. I had a lot of questions about it.
like people asking me uh you know will
you sell it?
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. I don't want to sell it.
>> Yeah. You're very talented.
>> So So this is Oh, that's the Kuram.
Yeah, man. That is cool. I like that.
>> That is really cool.
>> Yeah. So I've had loads of people ask me
like, "Will you ever sell your
paintings?" And people from YouTube as
well because I obviously show the art. I
actually have a time lapse. This this
one specifically, I have a time-lapse
uploaded on my YouTube channel for this
specific painting.
>> Oh. Yeah, fun fact. Um, because I made
it completely on stream, this specific
one,
>> but I don't want to I don't want to sell
my art because I I want to just keep it
as a hobby, not have any money involved
to it or
>> I guess Yeah, just do it for fun.
>> Yeah, we we we kind of touched on that
in our chat uh in our group chat we we
had yesterday. And
>> yeah,
>> I that's actually segus into the
question I wanted to ask you. So, like
when you were a kid, you loved
Runescape, right?
So once you started once Runescape was
your living and you seem like a little
bit like like very
resistant to to you know turning this
painting that you also love into a
source of revenue.
>> Is that because
is that because once you started like do
you still love Oh
>> yeah. No, I still love doing it every
day. Uh, it's very relaxing. I love
doing my own thing. Basically,
you know, earning money with my hobby is
great. I don't think that's the reason
for painting. It's just I'm already I
feel like I'm already so busy.
>> I want to when I do something, I want to
be really good at it and want to put
time into it. And I feel like I wouldn't
be able to manage like all things like
too many things at once. And I think
Biff painting if I like start selling
stuff then maybe people expect me to
make more or like I would get requests
and I it would just get way too
stressful. I think that's kind of like
why I think I Yeah.
>> So it's kind of like a like an escape
hobby that you can do like on your off
time to relax and
>> Yeah. actually right now every week on
Monday I paint for about two hours at my
grandma's place and like other people
come together like like older ladies and
guys that like do they they do drawing
and painting and like we all like kind
of you know hang out with each other
>> and I joined them recently to like do my
painting because at home I don't take
the time I'm just always like you know
doing Runescape or working or editing or
doing other stuff. So actually going
somewhere to take the time to uh paint
it is like yeah it's really nice for me.
That's uh
>> and and you get to share that with your
grandmother too with her as well. Yeah
it's great.
>> She how good is she?
>> She does very different types of
paintings. She makes abstract paintings.
>> Ah
>> yeah very different.
>> Oh okay. Yeah,
>> this seems a very uh this seems a very
Dutch thing to do, right? Like to paint
like you know you have all your your
your Dutch masters like you know you
have your
>> I suppose there are some famous Dutch
painters. Yeah.
>> Yeah. I would say
>> I suppose
>> just a couple.
>> True. True.
>> It's in it's in the DNA,
>> right?
>> So is this a very common h? So this is a
pretty common hobby there. No, no, I
don't think I don't know any anybody my
eight head pains actually.
>> No, not really.
>> I could man I could totally see you uh I
know you're not going to do it, but I
man I I I could see you and I know a lot
of your fans can see you as you know
just being a perfect
u Bob Ross type type channel talking
>> like maybe in the future. Yeah, perhaps
in the future I'll do something with
painting a little more than just for
fun, but right now I'm not Yeah. not
interested in having any financial
connection to the hobby. So,
>> you know what I almost see here? I don't
know if you can see. I almost see a
face.
>> A face?
>> Yeah.
>> Really?
>> Yeah. On the on the waterfall, there's
two smaller rocks over a a long
elongated larger rock there.
>> And then that those are eyes. the two
small rocks and and then it almost looks
like a duck maybe with some kind of uh
spike some spiky bangs up above those
two eyes. It looks like a little bit of
hair little bit of a hairo going on
there.
>> Yeah.
>> See, we're turning his non-abstract uh
painting into an abstract painting.
>> Exactly.
Man, it would be Oh, I could just see
Ver if I could see you one day like you
uh you kept you kept it secret for five
years this this project and then next
thing you know the gallery opens and
it's it's very
>> I painted an entire museum
>> that's a cool video idea
>> and you fill it with Runescape scenes
that you would be I painted for five
years. Here's the result.
>> And like the thumbnail would be like a
museum full of paintings. There you go.
>> There you go. There you go. I could see
you making a video like that.
>> That's the start of the the YouTube
channel.
>> That that
>> I think maybe I was thinking a while ago
like maybe it would be cool to one day
give like painting lessons to people or
something.
>> Something like that.
>> I I I really like that a lot though,
man. That you're very talented by the I
really like it.
>> Extremely. Yeah, great job.
>> Thank you.
>> If if if you ever uh if you ever do
decide to start selling paintings, I'll
probably try and buy one. I wouldn't be
able to afford you though. I would go.
>> Yeah, that's another thing like for how
much do you sell painting? You know,
that's
>> that's how do you decide that? I don't
know.
>> Oh, here here's a qu here's a random
question. It's a sideways question. So,
I don't know what that means. Um,
so whenever you became whenever you
became a streamer or a content creator,
what have you had to deal with
that you did not foresee? Like what
challenges have you had that you did not
anticipate?
Like what are like
>> do you have any like downsides or
>> I mean I guess you it's like hard to
>> uh how do you explain this
like because you're in your head you're
always busy I guess you're always
>> working like if you have a traditional
job you like a 9 toive job you go to
your work you come home and you there's
no work right
>> and for me it feels like I'm always
thinking about ideas or videos or things
and which fine. Like I kind of like
that, but sometimes like it feels like
it's hard to truly relax. I guess like
have nothing on your mind because you're
always, you know,
>> can't turn it off.
>> Yeah. I I guess you guys might also have
feel that in some way because
>> Right.
>> Man, it it's it's
>> maddening because like I I I also am
doing something that I I love like I
love and appreciate and I'm grateful.
>> I'm grateful. If you want to take a
break, right, if you want to not do it,
then you feel bad because I feel like if
I,
>> you know, I can just say, "Oh, I'm not
going to do something for two or three
weeks because I mean that's not what?
No, it's my it's my work, right?" But
it's I find it hard to like only focus
on it in the weekdays and then in the
weekend just completely turn up my brain
and do nothing. I I just can't do that,
I guess.
>> So that's sometimes I guess tricky and I
didn't really think about that at all
when I started YouTube. I was like, you
know, because I always did it for fun
and like as a part-time thing and, you
know, had many other things to to worry
about and like uh I had school and
stuff. So, like it was completely
different, I guess. Yeah, that's that's
definitely something people might not
think about too much when they think
about a YouTuber. It's it's interesting
to me that like because when when I
think when a lot of people think about
um a content creator that just plays
games for a living, right? When they
record and they make their content all
around the games, they're think, "Oh,
>> well that's just a dude goofing off,
getting lucky. He's getting all this
money rolling in playing a game." What?
>> But the reality is the amount of
self-discipline.
>> Yep.
to do what you do. The amount of self-d
disccipline it requires is just
ridiculous. And it's it's kind of
similar to reselling too.
>> Yeah, I think so, too.
>> Because you don't like, as much as I
like it, I like you don't have anybody
like like standing over you telling you
what to do. And if you don't do it one
day, nobody's going to tell you
anything.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Exactly. Like you wake up and you
have to kind of do your own thing. Like
nobody's going to tell you like, "Hey,
do this." or like you know you need to
be be strict
>> that that that's the thing that took me
a little while to get used to because I
was used to you know yeah I had to show
up at the job
>> but then once I'm once I'm there I mean
I knew kind of what the bare minimum was
that was expected and then I knew what
was like going above and beyond and I
always kind of tried to position myself
somewhere in between
>> in the middle
>> right
>> you But then when you work for yourself
like you do or like I do, um, if you
just do bare minimum or a little bit
better than that, you're going to get
bare minimum or a little bit better than
that results.
>> I'm It's kind of funny you talk about
that. I'm not going to lie. When I did
like the internships, right, I worked
for a boss and I always found it really
hard to motivate myself to give my all
and like, you know, give uh do a lot to
give him big results because I wouldn't
really see much for that. Like I always
struggled a lot with that. That's
probably also why I decided to try
full-time and kind of do my own thing
because if I do put in 10 hours in a
day, then I get 10 hours in return. And
like I feel like maybe a lot of the
normal jobs it's like maybe like a lot
harder to motivate people because I mean
you work for the company and you make
money for them. Like maybe I don't know.
That's just kind of how it feels for me.
>> Absolutely. 100%. Let's say Ryan and I
um both work. I don't know. Name name a
name an American job. Verve. Give me an
American job.
>> Truck driver.
>> Truck driver. Ryan and I
>> Ryan and I are Well, truck driver is
hard but harder. That's a That's not a
great example because like it's very
measurable.
>> Okay. Working at a bank. Candace did
that, right?
>> Yeah. Candace did that. Let's say Ryan
and I both work at the bank. We both
have the same position and we both make
the same amount of dollars per hour and
Ryan is a slacker.
>> Okay, it's totally not Ryan, but Ryan's
a slacker
>> and he know he knows just he knows
exactly but he's he's very smooth. He
talks a good game.
>> Yeah.
>> And so he
>> Brown knows into the boss all the time.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They they play golf on
the weekends, you know, whatever.
>> And so he comes in to work. He does the
bare minimum to get by and Lonnie's a go
get her. I'm gonna I'm gonna bank it,
you know, like I'm gonna
and I'm just like I'm getting after it.
I'm locked in. I'm you know,
>> right? And then at the end of the week,
Ryan gets Ryan makes, you know, couple
thousand dollar and the end of the week
Lonnie gets $2,000. It's like Lonnie's
like, uh-uh, that's not fair.
>> Yeah.
Right.
>> That's right. That's right. That is a
reality, I guess, in a lot of cases. And
I I did kind of struggle with that
because uh even after I finished the
internship, they offered me a job, but
they wanted to pay me lower because they
weren't sure if they wanted me. And like
it was I was like, "No, I don't want all
of this." Like I I Yeah, it was
difficult at the start. I did actually
uh apply for a few jobs after I finished
school, but then I was like, "No, I
don't think I want this." And yeah, I
was already kind of struggling with
that. you know that stuff.
>> So, Verf, what if what if tomorrow
>> um Jagex announced, you know, I'm going
to ask
>> Jagex says, "Hey guys,
>> yeah, our user base is announced."
>> It's been fun.
>> Yeah,
>> it's been a good ride.
>> Good seeing you.
>> Which so my dream actually like one of
my life dreams is to always be
self-employed. It doesn't matter what
I'm doing.
>> Always do something you enjoy and like
>> yeah, kind of make a hobby into a job in
some way or a form that's like kind of a
dream. And right now it's gaming and
Runescape, but who knows in five 10
years from now it's something completely
different. Hey, maybe it's reselling. I
mean, who knows, right? You never know.
I can see myself. It looks really fun.
And
>> hey, if you do if you do reselling,
Verve,
>> yeah,
>> do it like you do the painting
>> part.
>> In one way, like
>> just just as a hobby. I mean, obviously
I I don't mean
>> Yeah, I don't Yeah, I guess that's not a
great example because
>> I mean, I always say I always tell
people don't make a YouTube channel just
to be a YouTuber. Like, that's not going
to work. You have to kind of enjoy it
and do it as a hobby. So, I I think
that's, you know, for reselling, it's a
reh same thing as well. I mean, if Jagex
disappears tomorrow,
I I feel like one thing is for sure,
every YouTube channel that did Runescape
before is now in a situation where they
have to do something else or just
completely stop. So, I I could see
myself maybe one thing I could see
myself do in a gaming community would be
speedrunning games. I've always been
interested in that like doing something
like that and make like
>> pick a game I really enjoy and just go
crazy on that because I'm already used
to putting the lot of hours into one
thing right with the current thing I do.
So maybe maybe something like that but
like it would be like who knows if I
would be able to live of it right that's
like the next question but
>> I think you would you've got the drive
to do it
>> maybe. Yeah maybe.
>> Yeah. Well, well, Ryan actually, um, I
don't know if I would or not because
I've never really changed lanes too
much, but Ryan changed lanes and it's
working out.
>> Yeah,
>> he he Ryan, you still have a Do you have
a full-time job or like a part-time job
or how how
>> So, I've I've always had I I work for my
family, my family's company,
>> construction, right?
>> It's uh Yeah, concrete. Yep.
>> Right. So, I've always had a full-time
job ever since I've been on YouTube. So,
it's always kind of like me and Lonnie,
we were in the same space, but like we
weren't exactly, you know, like he's
full-time, I was parttime, if that makes
sense.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, so yeah, and then I obviously
switched switched lanes. I'm doing
mostly food content now. And, uh, I'm
loving it. I I enjoy doing it part-time.
I
>> I think I could make it work if I did it
full-time. Mhm. And
>> I mean, you never know someday
>> as well.
>> Yeah. No, I know. I definitely like if
if my job disappeared tomorrow, I know
like content would be what I do like
without a doubt.
>> So, but
>> he ver he would be such a he would be so
so so big if he if he could focus all of
his powers into YouTube. It would
>> definitely limited by time. Yeah.
>> Right.
>> Yeah. Uh,
something I wanted to ask is like if you
recommend people that want to get into
reselling, like I've tried reselling.
I've actually went to uh in your country
um it's called um what are like the
stores where you buy stuff that people
bring to uh what is it called?
>> Like a thrift store.
>> Yeah, a thrift store. Yeah. Yeah.
>> It's called a switch. It's like a store
where people bring old items to you can
buy it. And like I've tried to back in
the day tried to go to one of those and
see if I could find some sneaky items
that are like cheap and then sell resell
them. That's kind of like how you
started, right? Um
>> what what is like your guys advice to
people that want to try and get into it
just to like experience it? Like any
specific items you want to look for or
like any just try to maybe sell stuff
you have at home first or like how do
you I don't know. I I feel like it's
hard to just randomly get into it. I
guess
>> it is. That's probably a good question
for Lonnie because I've been out of the
game for a while. So,
>> yeah. So, so when I first started, I had
very very low low knowledge. I had a lot
of drive and
>> yeah,
>> I had a little bit of experience on
YouTube, but but I didn't really know
what to buy and what, you know, what to
buy to resell. And I made
>> I made a lot of bad buys early on. I
made a lot of mistakes. Mhm.
>> But the the good thing about about this
business is like the mistakes that you
make are usually like for a dollar, $5,
right?
>> Oh, I shouldn't have bought that $3
thing.
>> And and and when I first started, like
if somebody told me something cost $20,
>> it was like, whoa,
>> whoa, slow down, slow down. That's a lot
of money, you know? Right.
>> And so whenever it would come to like
dollar amounts where it could
potentially hurt me a little bit or be a
little painful, I would do a lot more
research. Uh but yeah, to start because
first thing you want to get used to is
just the like mechanics of knowing how
to how to actually list the item, taking
the photographs, doing the customer
service, packing. That's all the stuff
behind the scenes that has to happen for
you to get, you know,
>> I've done some of that before when
selling stuff at home. We we kind of go
through that process as well. But what
I'm getting from what you're saying is
start with buying like cheaper items.
>> There's not much to go wrong, I guess.
>> Well, I I I would I would start with a I
would start with things uh that you
already own that you no longer want
because that's free,
>> right?
>> Yeah. And then uh the next thing I would
do is I would look at I would look at
the things that I actually that I
actually already know about like like if
I like today actually uh we went I was
struggling to get here on time because
we went to uh some estate sales before
we before we wrote started up. Got some
great stuff by the way. But um one of
the actually I went to uh one of the
estate sales they had like uh pastels,
they had watercolors, they had art
books, they had all types of art
supplies, instruction books and I'm
looking at the stuff and I'm like I
don't know that much about that. I don't
know that much. And you know even now
like I I encounter things all the time I
don't know that well although whereas
verf if you come across that stuff
>> you might be oh that's the good that's
the good pastels or oh look all these
watercolors suck but that's the good one
that it's made over in this region of
the the world where they can only make
that certain color because they have
this flower that they extract. You know
>> you know what I mean? like whatever
specialized knowledge you have from your
just your you know like your acquired
knowledge up to that point you can use
that
>> um
>> and and and that's why I recom what you
know already
>> as use that as your base and like let's
say you're a video game collector
already or whatever and that's a very
common u example
>> I remember like your videos you always
try to buy video game stuff like so
electronic kind of stuff, VHS stuff like
those like uh calculators were crazy
like you got those for $1 sometimes.
>> I actually remember buying those back
for $100 as well. I see you buy that for
a dollar. I'm like wow that just never
happens here. I guess that that's crazy.
>> Yeah, it it does happen here. But then
what end what it ended up happening
though is that all the low that I I
refer to that as lowanging fruit kind of
stuff because everybody knows that that
stuff is worth money whether you resell
or not.
>> It's the other it's that weird stuff
that you see that we get you know that
require
>> Yeah. Like like the glassware from the
one of the recent videos that Yeah. That
was crazy. Like how do you know that
stuff, right? Yeah. Yeah. True. I don't.
But but you see that that's where again
uh Candace hasn't always worked with me,
but for the past five years she has. And
whenever she came in, she didn't she
didn't know anything about reselling,
but she brought all of her other life
experience to the game.
>> And I was never buying glassware before.
That was horrible. Like who wants to
pack that? First of all,
>> she was definitely a good addition
because you suddenly had like a lot more
knowledge. And I remember your early
garage video. She actually like told you
stuff. Oh, like you look at this. Look
at this. Like this looks interesting and
stuff. I was already noticing that she
before she was working before you guys
were working together.
>> Yeah,
>> that's really cool.
>> Candace is a great picker from what I've
seen. She She's real good.
>> Excellent. And you know,
>> she's good at communicating as well with
like people. I I feel like
>> that's what I was going to tell you too
is that like not only is she like been
good from like the picking perspective,
but I've got, you know, like you've been
watching this stuff, I've got beefs, I
can be a hotthead. I can be a hotthead.
Like I've got a temper. I can be
oversensitive sometimes. Ver,
>> you know, and Candace is a much softer,
kinder, gentler,
>> more likable, prettier
more charming everything every and she's
just a bet she's better at all the soft
skills
and we the relationships we have see
because like when we when we go to
garage sales that's going to be random
right it's going to be whatever like
usually it's going to be somebody we'll
never see again and the interaction
doesn't matter other than how cheap can
I get what I want to get and then I move
on
>> right
>> right But then other circumstances like
today we were at an it's estate sales.
Estate sales are different. Somebody
dies. What what do y'all do with your
stuff over there when you die? What
happens to it? Not you in particular,
but like
>> um
>> I I think it's a combin I don't actually
know exactly. Well, I think it very
different. It's like different per
person, but I maybe some people give it
away to like family members. That's
probably one option. Maybe people donate
it or bring it to one of those stores.
Uh yeah, or family members sell it. I
feel like mostly like the important
stuff goes to like family members and
then the rest if it's like junk or like
old furniture probably just throw it
away and clean the house and empty the
house probably.
>> Well, that's how it is here too for the
most part as far as you know all the
stuff going to the family. But there are
a lot of cases where either family
doesn't want the stuff or maybe they
don't have family around anymore or
whatever and they end up with a whole
house whole house of stuff, right? And
that's when they they have an estate
sale. Like we went to Sunday is our
estate sale day where we go
>> and
there's basically about
>> give or take a dozen companies
>> in town that run all the estate sales
that happen.
>> Oh.
>> So the better relationship we can have
with these estate sale runners,
>> the more access we get,
>> the the better prices we can get.
Sometimes
>> sometimes a private pick will come up
like maybe they don't maybe they got a
batch of XYZN and they don't want to
have a full sale but they know we buy it
and they'll text us.
>> Wow,
>> you know and and
>> I always just thought that they just
make it public and then people can just
come.
>> It is
>> but then if you get but if you can build
a relationship it can be even more.
>> Yeah. Yeah,
>> like you can come like earlier or
something or you know can go through it
first
>> or Exactly. I've gone we've gone through
first gone through it first a lot of
times or
>> or like today I did this I you know I
pull them off to the side. I say hey
look uh it's half price day and this
would cost 15.
You got 10 of them here. What do you
think? And they know what I mean.
>> Give me a deal.
>> Right. That's that's code for that. and
and they appreciate that because I'm
moving bulk on the last day of the sale.
They're giving money, you know, like
it's it's very symbiotic relationship
>> and and Candace has built awesome
relationships with the local estate sale
runners
>> and it's meant
>> it's meant everything and and even like
>> she she's she almost she almost plays my
manager a lot of times, man, because I'm
not good at that stuff. I'm not good at
it.
That's what brought you to like the next
level with that stuff was because she
joined and then like
>> I don't
>> she
>> I don't Yeah,
>> I I remember you had you had Guy.
>> Oh yeah, Guy.
>> Do you still like talk to him or like
how is that? I'm kind of curious because
I was watching some of the videos back
and like
>> that was like your main like person that
found you stuff too back then. I I think
>> and Guy Guy has a very very um he has a
ton of experience in toys.
>> Yeah. Video game stuff.
>> And yeah, he he he is like he is like an
expert. As a matter of fact, he gets
hired to like go do seminars and things
like that. He's very good.
>> But and I I'm pretty sure I don't think
he watches these, but I'm pretty sure
and he sells to us ridiculously cheap.
He gives us great deals.
>> Yeah. Like that's crazy. like tables of
like Nintendos and stuff like that and
>> transform
>> making money too.
>> Yeah.
>> Not crazy.
>> I'll be honest. I'll be honest, Ver,
when I first started dealing with him, I
was really like researching and
>> I was concerned it was it was stolen
stolen property.
>> Yeah.
>> Really?
But
>> but he the prices the deals he was
giving me.
>> When did he get that stuff? Right.
That's crazy.
I have some more information that I
don't want to divulge.
>> No, don't don't talk about it.
>> But because and I haven't even told
Ryan, but I I actually um Yeah, I you
know, I'm not gonna say anything else.
And mostly because because I don't want
Guy to know if Guy
>> but
>> but yeah u Guy is he's he's very good at
acquiring collections but then he also
really loves to see other people admire
>> the fruits of his labor. So I think
there's some amount of he sell he gives
us really good deals because he likes us
to share
>> to share what he found
>> and he likes to watch it back and then
read the comments and then
>> you know what I mean like he likes being
part of it.
>> Yeah. That's awesome.
>> He's like a anonymous celebrity too.
Like nobody knows what the dude looks
like. Nobody knows what he looks like
but thousands of people know him. That's
gonna be pretty wild for him to walk
around knowing.
>> Actually, on that topic, I had a had an
interesting like a funny question. I
guess like the YouTube comments on those
like negotiations and prices stuff is
always crazy, right? Like how
>> Oh, yeah.
>> You guys probably have dealt with that
so many times. Like people call you like
cheap asses or whatever or stuff like
that. Even though
>> Yeah.
>> you're negotiating or making deals.
That's probably like a pretty common
thing in your space like people, you
know, because you know, especially on
garage sales, people sell stuff and then
like they come up with a price and they
agree with a price, but then everybody
in the comments say like, "Oh, dude,
that's like way too cheap and like blah
blah." That's I've seen it. I've seen
that.
>> There is a line, right? Like I think
there's an argument for both sides. Like
one one argument could be made that
okay,
>> they could have just said no.
They they they agreed to the price,
right? So, it's fine.
>> Then there's another argument that
>> and actually a guy that we had on this
podcast recently, Rev Resale, made a
video about it
>> called re uh what was it? He called it
reseller morals or something.
>> Ethics, right?
>> And and he talked about, you know,
buying stuff like buying something for
like $5
>> and instead of chewing them down to
three, just paying the five. It's $5,
you're going to sell it for 50. what you
know like what does what does $2
difference matter right like it's kind
of
>> you're going to make a lot of money
anyways basically right that's
>> exactly exactly
>> I I can can I make a counterpoint there
because I used to hear that I used to
hear that said back in my earlier days
when I was a little more aggressive
>> um I would I would hear that argument
right but then I would say I would
counter with on a busy garage sale
Saturday I might cut 50 deals and I If I
can save $2 per deal,
>> I basically made $100.
>> No. Yeah, that's true. So hard because
on a few of them sales, right, I have I
want to I want to say something funny.
Like on a few of those sales, right, you
like you're clearly interested in a
couple items. You you grab them, you put
like a pile, and then the lady from the
seals like, "Do you use that?" And
you're like, "Um like you're like
I think it was like a like a music
harmonica. I know the ex I know the
woman you're talking about. She's in the
thumbnail.
>> You play the harmonica.
>> What if what if I tried to fake it? What
if I just started like, "Oh, yeah. Yeah,
I played
>> I saw someone I saw someone in the
comments. He was like typing, what if
she like like told you, can you play a
song for me?
Oh [__]
>> I was talk I was talking to Candace. I
was talking to Candace the other day and
like I used to be more
>> I used to be more reserved about telling
people that we buy and sell and now we
just we just tell them.
>> Yeah.
>> But when you first start, you want to
hide it because you're scared they're
going to get mad that you're making
money off the price or something like
that or you know don't want to sell it
anymore. Like oh no we take it back then
or something like Yeah. Yeah. I get
that.
>> Right. And and I was talking to Candace.
I was like, you know, you go to a garage
sale and I walk up there with say uh
four pairs of four pairs of uh toddler
shoes, right? Maybe they're worth a lot
of money or something, right? And
they're like, "Oh, do are those fit your
kids?" And and and I'd be like, "Yes,
ma'am. Yes, ma'am. They do." And and
then they're like, "Well, you have four
different sizes there."
>> Yeah. with the like with the P like the
Wii games. You bought like 11 games at
once and then you were like kind of
saying, "Yeah, we have a Wii at home,
you know, like we might use these." It's
so funny. You're kind of trying to like
make stories for the items you're buying
like, "Oh, yeah, we might use this." You
know, so funny. But but man, you can jam
yourself up though because like
>> they start like once they start probing
>> and like they and they just think
they're making friendly conversation and
I'm over there sweating bullets like
don't stop asking. Stop asking. Stop. I
don't want to lie to you again. Don't
make me lie again.
>> And then I'm just like I got to get out
of here.
>> You know
lying lying is not good, man. Because
once you because like once you kind of
get called
>> once they go deeper then you got to lie
again and to cover that first lie and
then you got to cover the second lie.
It's like no
>> I think a lot of them will say I I've
seen people also say in those videos
something like oh it's too much work for
me to like list all this and like you
know sell it on eBay and go through all
that which I feel like is pretty common.
But yeah, I think a lot of the people
that run the sales have no idea how much
how if something is worth it. A lot of
the times probably they just want to get
rid of it. I guess.
>> No,
>> back in the back in the day I think it
was a little bit different. Like when I
first started on YouTube, I feel like
>> the reselling thing like people,
>> you know, it wasn't as common for people
to resell stuff on eBay.
>> Oh, okay.
>> That's the feeling I got anyway. And the
and the the stuff was way better back
then, too, because of it.
But I think like especially when COVID
hit, people realized, oh, while they
were sitting at home doing nothing, I
can sell this stuff around the house and
make a few extra bucks.
>> Yeah, exactly. That changed a lot.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And it may have even started not because
they were interested in selling, but
maybe they were
>> stuck at home, bored, and they started
buying things, and that's when they were
like, "Oh, wait. If I'm buying this
stuff, then some other dude is selling
it to me."
>> And they made money on it. And
>> so co was basically brought a huge shift
to reselling and the whole like all that
stuff which is interesting if you think
about it and
>> not and not in a good way I wouldn't say
for the most part
>> for you guys not know
>> there was there was probably ver there
was it there was one year where I
basically couldn't source hardly at all
>> stressful
>> it was and then even the next year man
like when things were kind of opened up
again, people were still very hesitant.
Um and then they had gotten out of and
then a as you know as time goes on too
that you know the people that the
average garage seller is more savvy
>> and they're more internet they're
they're more you know they they have
phones they know about the internet more
and stuff. You know what I mean? And
it's like,
yeah, it it does get harder and harder,
but um but not one thing that doesn't
change is it still requires effort and
and and some amount of knowledge to
actually buy and sell the stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> Right.
>> True.
And most people they'll run they'll
they'll run into like an issue like a
scammer or you know the post office
damages some things and they end up
losing money or you know because they
didn't pack it right or whatever and
they they lose out a few times and a
good probably most people at that point
will just quit.
>> Are are scammers common on eBay
nowadays?
>> No.
>> No. Okay. That's good.
>> They're not. It's it it's common video
fodder,
>> right?
>> Because it's common
>> love, pain, and misery
>> because, right,
>> it's it's you you might get that that p
that that impression that it is common
because you better believe if I it's not
common, but if somebody scams me today
>> and whenever that video comes out
>> Yes.
>> Oh, yep. It's going to be title, thumb,
word, nail. It's going to be boom. I got
scammed.
>> It reminds me of Pete's videos where the
guys bring like fake watches or
something like blow up, man. Like this
crazy
>> people. It's like the drama.
>> But it doesn't necessarily represent
>> I mean it's real.
>> It's real, but it doesn't represent the
everyday like you know way things go.
>> It's not common. I mean like the
platform security and stuff is good and
they like they took care of it.
>> I I'm not going to say it doesn't it
also kind of depends very on what you
sell.
>> Uh there are some categories that are
higher scam category like if if all you
specialized in was used iPhones
um your answer would be way different
than the one I just gave
>> more more expensive items.
>> Yeah. I and I don't know and more and
like easy to flip desirable that I I
don't some some niches just uh attract
scammers more than others.
>> That makes sense. Yeah.
>> And I tend to steer clear of those
niches. So I'm
so some of that is like um some
self-fulfilling prophecy to some extent
too as far as SC, you know, I try and
stay stay out of their line lane. They
stay out of mine kind of thing.
>> Yeah.
And uh Ryan, do you still have an active
eBay store?
>> I do. I actually uh
>> list stuff and
>> Yeah. No, I do. A funny story actually
this this week.
>> Hey, can we you want to show you you
want to you can I show mine first?
>> Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead.
>> Okay.
>> All right. So, this is what I want to
show y'all, though. So, uh, a couple
weeks ago, we went to one of these
estate sales, Verf, and one of the
people that Candace had built a
relationship, and me, too. But it was
because of Candace, uh, we ended up
buying this, um, this, I think it's it's
over a hundred-year-old,
uh, locom train locomotive,
and it's made of it's made of brass by
Lionel,
>> and we were able to pick this up for
$100 from the estate sale. That's crazy.
>> And I put that sucker up at auction
starting at basically $1,000 and we got
one bid. And this is funny. Ver, do you
know when that bid came in? That bid
came in
>> three seconds left.
>> That's That's Yep. That's good.
>> That's amazing.
>> Yeah. Awesome.
>> But here's the that's not the story
though. Like that was a great flip and
we were like we were very very happy
about it. I have never sold a brass
train like that in my life. That was the
first time we had ever done it.
>> Very next day,
very next day after I sold it. Go ahead,
Ryan. Take it away.
>> So, you asked me if I still sell on
eBay.
>> Mhm.
>> I sold that the next day.
>> What? Wait, that's Is it like Wait, is
it the same brand or is it similar?
>> I don't think it's the same brand, but
it's it's a brass drain. I didn't I
didn't quite
>> I didn't quite get that much for it. I
think I got 500 and something. It was on
sale,
>> but yeah, I sold it uh the very next
day.
>> The same person bought that.
>> It wasn't Okay. Okay.
>> I I did tell
>> I did tell I did tell Ryan though. I
told him that he owed me some money
because the only because it's wild
because that Ryan did Ry Ryan, you
picked those. You picked that train up a
couple years ago.
>> So, I've I've had that train for at
least two two years. Uh like I think two
and a half years, something like that.
>> Have you had like a lot of offers on it?
>> Uh no. For some reason, that one So, I I
don't know what happened, but years ago,
I bought this storage unit. There's a
video on my channel about it,
>> and it was filled with a collection of
those trains. Like, tons of money.
>> It was It was crazy. It was crazy. I
think I paid like $1,000 for the unit
>> and then all said and done, I think
there was over like over 12 grand in
trains in there. But anyway, I sold
Yeah, I I sold through most of them
>> and for some reason that one never sold.
A lot of them a lot of them were like
super super rare, so they were hard to
research on like what they were worth.
So, I think I just accidentally
overpriced that one and like it never
sold and like I kind of forgot I had it
>> and then it sold the day after.
>> That's crazy. What a coincidence.
>> Yeah. the the man's got like he's only
got a hundred items in his store
>> and and after a couple of years that
train happened to sell the day after
mine did and I never done it before
>> and I I woke up I woke Ryan wakes up
earlier than me and I woke up and I I
like I always check my phone when I wake
up and I'm like sold a damn brass train
for
and so
and so I told him he owed he owed me
because I my I spec speculate that it
was probably someone that intended to
bid on my train and they forgot about my
auction and they and they they just
bought Ryan's train as a uh
>> I went and bought mine
>> instead
>> because it was cheaper,
>> right?
>> That was also a train. It was also
brass.
>> That's right.
>> There you go.
>> You guys help directly.
>> But yeah,
>> you have you have 100 items listed.
>> I do. Yeah. Yep.
>> And has like how many? Like thousands or
what are we talking now?
>> No. I've got um right now we we we just
went through a a period of time where we
we had a lot of like little cheaper
things.
>> Yeah. Small stuff
>> of of the same of the same niche
>> and we just bundled them up. like
they've been in here a long time and
instead of like trying to sell them off
for like you know5$10 dollars a piece we
went ahead and just bundled them all up
together and got them out of here. So
our our item count is down a little bit
and we're trying to source we're trying
to deal with more expensive items now.
>> That's that's smart.
>> As much as we can, you know, so
>> less work less work but you still make
good profits kind of deal, I guess.
Yeah.
>> Exactly.
>> Exactly. And like an argument could be
made too that like the number of listed
items doesn't really matter. What really
matters is what you're selling,
>> right?
>> You know.
>> Uhhuh.
>> So,
>> right. Because listed items or items
that haven't sold,
>> right?
>> They could sell. They have potential,
but they haven't actually sold.
>> But yeah, we've I think we've got we've
only got like 1370
items or something like that active
right now.
That's That's the lowest it's been in
years. Um, but yeah, I mean I we've been
up as high we've never been higher than
about 2,200 items.
>> And when I was doing this by myself, I
probably averaged Oh, I was a slacker,
though. I probably average about five to
600.
>> Okay.
>> But then if you're getting the good
stuff, it's coming in and moving out
immediately,
>> right? So
>> if if if you're getting the really good
stuff, your item your item count never
goes up because it's
>> it sells the next day basically like
Yeah.
>> Right.
>> That's true.
>> Yeah. You list way more. It just sells
like really quickly and then it's like
not Yeah. Oh, that makes Yeah, that
makes sense.
>> Exactly. Like it's it's not always like
very you it's it's hard to know how
someone's doing just from looking at
their active items. You know what I
mean?
I know people that have, you know, 5,000
active items and aren't making anywhere
near the amount of money we're making.
And then I know people that have, you
know, a couple hundred, like Pete
doesn't have very many items in his
store, I don't think, or he
traditionally didn't.
>> And he makes, I don't know, 30, 40,
50,000 a month.
>> He used to have somebody do the eBay
stuff for him, right?
>> I believe he like doesn't focus as much
on it anymore, right?
Uh I don't I I uh well he has his own
platform too. He he
>> right
>> they have like uh like dibd no district
or something. It's another
>> man there liveing right way to do
reselling if you think about it.
>> So many platforms and like ways to sell
stuff.
>> Pretty cool.
>> And also Pete has you know a brick and
mortar store too. Yeah.
>> He just sells in person. So
>> yeah, exactly.
>> I think a lot of that the the specialty
stuff though, he still has to sell it
online, you know, to to get the
>> to get the top.
>> The market isn't there in wherever he is
in Chicago. Yeah, for sure.
>> Ver, did you know I have a um I have a
Runescape channel?
>> Yeah, I think you told me in the chat,
but you never revealed it.
>> Yeah, and I'm not going to. Uh it has a
secret channel. Yeah, it has actually
verif I've Ryan I have I have another
channel that I had an idea for. This is
how long it was like four or five years
ago.
>> I was like, man,
>> cuz look, we have a we have a burn we
have a burn pile. So like we have like
sometimes when we have like a lot of
sticks or leaves
>> or boxes,
things that burn easy easily.
>> Do you want to do you want to feature
you want to feature this on the show?
I'm I'm not going to I'm not going to
show it,
>> but
>> like one of the things that I find
satisfying to do sometimes is I'll bring
the branches and you know and I like to
I'll light it on fire just like in
Runescape, right? Fire making.
>> That is a skill in Runescape.
>> Recorded
>> and and yeah, but it's so satisfying to
me. I just love it. Like one time I took
a clown. I had a clown that w that was
like really not worth selling and it was
dirty and stuff and it was made out of
paperiermâché.
>> Oh.
>> And it wasn't really sellable. And I put
that clown on the burn pile and I lit it
on fire and I recorded it
and I made a I made a whole YouTube
channel for it and
>> uh
>> I never I never did another one. And I
have
>> Yeah, I got one view. And I have one.
>> It's Ryan.
>> I have another chance.
>> It was a B. Well, I didn't follow I
didn't follow through.
>> Yeah,
>> but it could have worked maybe. But but
the the the Runescape channel that I
made, uh I think it has zero views. I
don't think anybody's like it's got like
three videos on that I made a long time
ago and it's got zero views.
>> That's rough.
>> And I'm not I'm I'll never and they're
not good either. I'm never going to tell
anybody about that channel.
>> I have thought about I have thought
about making a go of of of trying to do
some Runescape content, but I don't
know. I'm I also kind of look at it like
you do painting though as well,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, you could do it for fun,
right?
Do you have do do you have any other
YouTube channels, Ryan?
>> Um, I have So, I have Thrift Mine and
then I have
I have a channel called Crazy Dreamers,
which I don't really use much. Um, I did
upload a lot of uh like just lifestyle
videos on there. I did a couple tra
videos on there. Um, we went to England
a couple times and I made videos and
they actually did they did all right.
>> And then um I started uploading like
food like shorts over there,
>> but they didn't perform very well
compared to like how they performed for
me on TikTok and I'm on Facebook now.
>> Um, so I just I stopped. I didn't really
see a benefit of putting the stuff on
YouTube really. I tried it for like a
month or two and it just didn't really
take off. So I'm like, "Yeah, whatever."
So, as far as YouTube, those are my only
those are my only channels. And then
this obviously this channel here, but
this is me and Lonnie's.
>> Um,
>> speaking of shorts, Lonnie had a crazy
like big one uh like go up, right,
>> with like millions of views, like a
short of like you packing something like
a box resizer thing.
>> That was out of nowhere, huh?
>> Yeah. That's not like me at all, man.
I'm used to like getting like 8,000
views or something on stuff, you know?
>> How many views did that get? Five
million or something.
>> Six. It's
>> six million.
>> That's crazy.
>> That shows you how crazy shorts are
nowadays, huh?
>> Yeah.
>> Do Do you do short content much for
>> made like I think I've made like five or
six or something.
>> That's it.
>> Yeah, they did well actually. Like 300k
views some of them. I think they have.
But like I feel like they don't do that
much.
>> They don't like you don't get that many
subscribers from it. At least I didn't.
you don't earn a lot from them and like
so what's like the reason like I could
make them but
>> I was also scared that it would like um
>> ruin like the video performances or
something like you don't really have
that data so like I don't know I was
always hesitant on them but
>> it's it's different now though because u
they used to put the shorts in the same
feed sort of I think
>> and now it's in like its own feed so I
don't I don't feel like it would
probably interfere with the long form um
but you So, you're in a you're in a spot
where I mean, are you are you how fast
you is your channel is your channel
still growing quickly right now?
Like, like I feel like it's harder for
me nowadays to get a viral quote unquote
viral video. Like I get around the same
views per video and then sometimes I get
like a big one because I do something
special or I market it really well. I
feel
>> uh so I feel like I have to work harder
to get like a big video. Um it is it is
growing because you know I also actively
say my videos you know subscribe or like
you know you know why not subscribe
something like that which helps
sometimes. So it is steadily growing but
it is it feels like it's getting harder
and harder but less I get
>> you get on average like
>> 150 huh
>> yeah like 100 to 150 somewhere in that
range I would say on average.
>> Wow. Uh but last year for example I had
a few videos that did like 300k 200k and
one got into trending and like at that
point it goes you know the growth for
that video the channel growth is a bit
better you know
>> I actually had something written down as
well. I think I've heard Lonnie say a
while ago like it's hard for my channel
to get a big video right because you do
the same stuff you do like the packing
stuff and I
>> like you probably in your mind it's
probably really hard to get like a viral
video right on your channel.
>> Oh yeah. Oh yeah. On on on that. Now,
for me to get a viral, I'm gonna have to
put that camera on and go to garage
sales. That's the only way.
>> I really want to, man, I really want to
see you do that again. I want to see
what happens.
>> I'm going to do it again. I will. You
know what, Verf? I I was already
planning on doing it, but I will
definitely do it.
>> And I know what on what channel are you
going to upload it? On your sh flips
channel.
>> Yeah. Mhm.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> You can get to 100K that way, you know,
on that channel.
>> Exactly.
>> I want to hit that play button.
>> Yeah. I want to. I'm like I'm I'm
rubbing like Ryan's got like 10 play
buttons. You've got like
>> I have one.
>> Oh, you don't have two yet?
>> No.
>> No. All these people I have beef with,
they have their play buttons and
you know we we have we have all these
people on here with play buttons and um
I don't have one and I one.
>> I noticed the other day when you
uploaded your uh your 180,000 logs
video.
>> Yeah. I noticed because after you put it
out, I think I saw it a couple days
after you uploaded it and it already had
a 100,000 views.
>> That's pretty normal.
>> That's normal. So, like how how did that
video rank out of 10?
>> Uh, let me see real quick.
>> By the way, I think the thumbnail for
that one is super strong. I really like
that. I like the green.
>> Yeah, I have So, I have the thumbnail
designer, right? And lately, I've been
putting a lot of effort into thumbnails
and titles because it's so important.
The content in my video isn't hasn't
changed much over the years. I I like I
don't do crazy amount of editing or
don't make add too much fluff to it. I
do the long grinds as kind of my selling
point. But the titles and thumbnails
I've improved a lot on in the last year
and I've seen massive results in terms
of views and like growth, right? Uh and
the last video, for example, I basically
went with a really simple thumbnail
design, but it's just really clean and
like it's just easy to look at. And then
the title, I think, is what makes it
like more clickable because the big
number. I think like in my experience
big numbers help a lot.
>> You know like
>> I would like for example if I would do
garage sale videos or something and I
would find something crazy that's worth
a lot like you would capitalize on that.
Like I found this dollar amount
something. I think those those videos
would do crazy.
>> Uh let me see.
>> You know what that's funny you say that
about the big numbers because Yeah. I'm
going to show you something in a minute
after you show that.
>> It's rank four close to three. So yeah
it's
>> okay.
>> Yeah. Yeah, it's pretty good. They're
all pretty close to each other to be
honest. Like the rankings right now, the
last videos.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Big numbers is kind of like
what I've seen works really well.
>> It really does. Even if
>> capitalize on it.
>> Yeah. Even if you have to uh well in my
case even if you have to think in your
case
>> what I was going to say and what I have
written down I think
>> what I try to do when I make videos is
every video I try to make them um like
have them be stand on its own like have
it be its own thing because like
>> back in the day in my niche people would
do like I do a series right I play one
thing and I could put it back in the day
people put in a title episode number 20
or episode number 40 and then people
would see that and they would No, I
don't want to watch all of this. Like,
it's too much time. So, now I try to
market my videos in a way where it's
like a standalone thing. And I think you
could do that for every niche. I think
that's a really good thing to do. So,
for example, I don't know, like an
example. For example, let's say you have
a crazy pooling day or like a lot of
items sell like more than normal. So you
could like for example title that video
like we sold this amount of things today
and then it's unusual and something like
that and make it the videos be more like
a standalone thing to you know maybe
have it more viral potential something
like that.
>> I think that's really good advice.
>> Yeah. like for your videos. I think if
something unusual happens in your day or
like your work or whatever, you could
capitalize on that and focus a video
specifically on that like event or
whatever because I remember one of your
videos you bought a crazy amount of
something. I don't remember what it was
and you capitalized on that and that
video did really well on your channel.
>> That's actually what I was going to pull
up. The one you're talking about. So you
you make a perfect um
>> you make a a perfect perfectly valid
point. I'm writing down what you're
saying, by the way.
>> Yeah. What What was What was it you
bought in that video?
>> I I'm going to show you right now.
>> Show it. Show it.
>> I'm going to I'm going to And I'll show
you the analytics and everything. Uh
let's see.
>> I really I love that type of stuff like
analyzing videos and see what works and
what doesn't. Okay.
>> Experiment a lot and just kind of see
over the years what works and doesn't
work. And I think you can apply it to
other channels.
>> You BF, I think Burf, you know what? I
think you you really uncovered I
appreciate what you said just now
because you really uncovered
um a mindset problem I have
>> with YouTube and that is I've been on
I've been doing this for close to a
decade
>> right
>> and it really feels like whenever we
make the videos we're talking I I always
picture that I'm talking to to some
friends
>> that know me and watch all the videos.
And I always like my target audience
that I'm talking to when I'm talking to
that camera, I assume they've watched
every video I've ever made. And they
know what I'm about. They know me. They
know Candice. They know what we do. And
that is not the correct approach to take
at all.
>> Well, you don't you don't have to change
that, right? Because that's your brand
kind of thing. But you could market your
video itself in to attract a broader
audience which you could do with the
thumbnail and title because at the end
of the day you want people to click on
it
>> just to click on your video. So you
couldn't you don't have to change your
content like be like be yourself. It's
great the way you do your videos. I
think it's really enjoyable to watch.
But you could like like like I said like
specifically focus on something or
market that in a way where maybe more
people are going to click on the video
or YouTube will push it.
>> Also known as clickbait.
>> Well,
>> all right. I I know what you're saying,
though. I mean, because we because we
could we could actually film the same
content,
>> look for the story.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Title thumb off of the story, and then
maybe rearrange the way the content is
presented to where it makes sense.
>> It's more work, but it has more
potential for a viral video or something
that's more interesting to a broader
audience instead of doing your daily
routine and showing that. And then, you
know, the title
>> maybe isn't like something people would
click on quickly because Yeah. forg
Yeah, exactly.
>> I I agree 100%. And I'm glad you said I
wrote it down. I'm I'm taking I'm taking
everything you say to heart. So, this I
believe this is the one.
>> Uh what was this video called?
>> We sold 11,00
that that's a perfect title. That's a
clickable title.
>> See? And and look what happened. I got I
got verf level views whenever I did verf
ver level stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. No, the title's perfect.
>> Nobody.
>> You see where that video dropped off,
right? Can you hold your mouse on like
graph and see how after how many days it
stopped getting views? You can see that
blue graph.
>> Sure. Yeah.
>> How many days is that?
>> Okay. Wow. So for 44 days that video
kept getting views and then it kind of
dropped off. That's that's good.
That's really good.
>> I'd say YouTube pushed that video like
crazy basically from the start and then
at some point it drops off. That's
normal. But yeah.
>> Do you feel like
>> Do you feel like that's deceptive what I
did there?
>> Well, okay. So, I said I sold 11,000 of
these in one day.
>> Okay. Well, what that really meant it's
it's it's
actually I bought it from guy. Um, all
those stickers you see on that on the
table there.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Stickers. All they're just stickers.
Okay.
>> And I figured out how many stickers were
on each roll.
>> And I figured out I had 11,000 of those
stickers between all the rolls.
>> And I made one listing to sell them all
and one person bought them all. And then
But then Yeah. But but no, all they did
was buy the rolls of stickers, right?
>> Yeah. you know, just one bucks.
>> But then I say on YouTube, I come on
there and I say, "I sold 11,000 of
these."
>> They're probably thinking,
>> "I I sold 11,000." You know what I mean?
>> No, I think that's just a smart way to
title that. But so my question is, how
>> did that was that video received
negative is my question.
>> No. No.
>> Then then you did a perfect job in this
example. did a perfect job like you know
uh capitalizing on on the situation and
>> like what's the like dislike ratio?
>> Yeah. Was it like like you know
>> Oh, good good question.
>> That's like
>> Oh, wait. I'm sorry. Oh, here we go.
Here it is.
>> Oh, there we go.
>> Uh wait, where? Oh, I got to go over.
I'm on a small screen. Oh,
>> look at that. That's fine.
>> 97%.
>> You're doing a perfect job. Like
>> there you go. I mean, this is very
repeatable, I think.
Yeah,
>> when the situation is there, of course,
like you don't want to make every video
like you can't do that for every video,
right? But I remember another video. Let
me actually look this up. I remember a
different one you did where you
>> Okay.
>> bust a lot of something uh and you
showed it. You had like a full table
full of something. I don't uh let me let
me look it up. It was I think it was one
of your most popular videos as well.
That's one that's really stuck with me.
Uh let me see.
>> Ver, let me I appreciate you doing this
for me. I really do. This this is very
very I found it. We advice we cornered
we cornered the market in crown royal
bags
>> is so good. Like that's such a good
thumbnail.
>> Well well Verve, can are you sharing the
screen right now, Ryan?
>> Yeah.
>> Let me
do
>> you see Verv, can you see on the screen?
>> Uh one sec. Huh? Yeah, that one. That
one? Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Do you see how many times I
came back to that?
Uh oh, wait. That's like refinements.
>> That's four different videos. Four
different times.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Four different times that we made those
kinds of buys.
>> Uhhuh.
>> Use the same title
>> and I did I went with the same concept.
>> Did the other videos do well, too?
>> I'm I'm I'm hoping I'm I'm
>> the bottom one the bottom one is just
has a stronger thumbnail.
>> That I think that's that's the first one
we did. I think that thumbnail is just
the most clickable like mobile too
because you can kind of see what's go
like the other ones are kind of harder
to see.
>> The color too. The purple really pops.
>> Yeah, exactly. Like it's more like
>> and you have to remember I don't know
what percentage of people watch your
videos on on the phone, but nowadays
like almost half of the people watch
stuff on the phones. Like they see these
kind of thumbnails sometimes on their
phone. So you have to kind of think like
how does that look on the phone? And I
think the bottom one looks great on the
phone.
You know what's you know what's funny
you mentioned that um
>> o over I think right at 50% or might be
even be a little higher
>> of my viewers watch my channel on TV.
>> Yeah that's another
>> Isn't that crazy for TV? Yeah TV I think
for TV it's important that your videos
are long. That's a whole different thing
you know because they don't want to like
constantly switch different videos.
>> You know what's funny? Pete Pete said
the same thing.
>> Oh, did he?
>> Yep.
>> Oh, yeah. I remember him saying that.
Yeah. This it it makes sense because
like I mean if you watch something on TV
like a show on Netflix or something, you
also watch something for like 40 minutes
or whatever, right?
>> Absolutely.
>> People kind of treat YouTube as like a
show or whatever or something they sit
back and enjoy and watch. So, but yeah,
this example that that one with like the
backs that that's like a really good
example of a single viral potential
video and you could repeat that in a lot
of different ways or you know methods or
what.
>> Well, this one got 90 9,400. I kind of
did it to death a little bit. Oh, this
was a good one.
>> This one was crazy. I don't know if it
did well or not. It didn't do that
great. We bought we that's the time when
we filled the shed with uh like over 200
nutcrackers. Like hang on.
>> Look, these are all like those are all
German nutcrackers.
>> Your screen isn't showing.
>> I don't see.
>> Oh, it's not. I'm sorry. I apologize.
Let me uh
>> And like for example, the one where you
that we sold 11,000 of these. You could
also change that number into like a
dollar amount or something like that
might be very clickable too. like this
is worth I don't know like 5,000 total
surprise, you know, something like that.
I feel like that could also work really
well because then you have a big number.
It's probably a lot easier to come up
with a big number for a video if you
have the dollar amount, for example,
instead of the item amount,
>> right?
>> There's some random things I can think
of like,
>> oh no, this is awesome.
>> Oh my god, look at that.
>> Can you see it? Now that's just one
side. We had it look the other bench
>> 100% full. We had boxes all the way down
both aisles. So, if you make a
thumbnail, like a really clean thumbnail
of like all these lined up and like
actually think about it beforehand when
you upload the video like, "Oh, I'm
going to focus specifically on this lot
of items and and make a really clean
looking thumbnail, right, with a cool
title."
>> Y you have a potential viral video
there, I think. And then it's suddenly
your daily videos turn into like a
standalone thing that might could like
pop off out of nowhere, I think.
>> No, you're right.
>> And you're still doing your thing in a
video like you don't have to change
anything there.
You do maybe like have a section where
you talk about it and how you got it and
stuff, but like I think it's
>> titles and thumbs really are everything.
They really are.
>> Yeah,
>> this is a pretty good this is a nice
looking thumb here. I think that's good.
So, yeah. No, that that's great, Ver. I
really appreciate that feedback, man.
You're absolutely right. I needed to
hear that. And I think that's also kind
of what happened on the garage sale
videos a lot because you a lot of times
I saw that people picked a moment from
that or like you know something that
happened on that specific sale or a
person did something and you capitalize
on that in a title and thumbnail and
it's kind of the same concept and then
you watch and then you watch the whole
video to see where it happens and what
happened or because you got curious.
It's kind of you know little simple.
>> Usually you'd strategically place that
>> at the end you know.
>> Yep.
to get the higher watch time. Yeah,
>> garage sale content. That's one thing I
do remember from making that
>> was so easy to title and thumb those
because like it was clearcut like the
moment the moment from that video. It
just slapped you in the face. It was so
obvious what it should be.
>> Probably more likely that something
interesting happens on those days or
videos or you know moments or sales or
whatever.
>> Yeah, exactly. The the truth is though
is that like with some exceptions, most
of our days in here are usually like
every other day.
>> Yeah.
>> You know,
>> that's probably more tricky to you can't
come up with something crazy like every
day, right? Like that's
>> No, but
maybe
>> I would love for my my dream
>> because I don't ever want to quit doing
this. My dream would be to actually make
one video a week.
>> Oh.
>> But I've kind of I've kind of fell into
this thing where I'm doing videos every
day. Or not every day. Actually, now
it's We've kind of changed the
>> I have another great idea for you.
>> Let me hear it. I'm gonna write it down.
>> What What if you do a video where you um
kind of gather all the things you source
in one week, right? and make one video
about that. Like you show all the things
you sourced from one week and kind of
show the results and potential profits
kind of maybe something like that and
focus
>> and you could you could add up all of
the
>> exactly potential
>> money that you spent or a potential
value. This is worth
>> big number or we spent a big number.
>> Yeah.
>> We sourced $8,000 worth of items in one
week. Something like that. And then show
like Yeah. something. You know what I've
always wanted to do and I I actually the
your your the way you produce your
videos, you could pull something like
this off because you're already
>> you must you must
>> Right. But you must jot down jot down
timestamps and things all the time,
right? Like because you have three three
games going and you have things that
happen that you think are important to
include in the video, right?
>> Yeah. So I capitalize on the big
numbers. That's kind of my specialty and
I've noticed over the years that that's
what gets a lot of views. So, for
example, like probably next month, I'm
going to upload a video where I've
killed 700,000 of one NPC, one monster,
and I like I know that number. I'm going
to put that in the title. So, I'm going
to use that number for the title because
I think the big number will click. So,
that's kind of like how I think about it
beforehand, like, oh, you know, can I
use a big number or a big hour amount or
can I use that in a way where it's like
interesting? Because at the end of the
day, I'm just doing one thing in a game.
Like it might not be that interesting
and I'm sometimes showing the same thing
in those videos, but if I market it
well, then a lot of people click on it
sometimes,
>> right?
>> So, you guys could do the same, I think.
>> Well, the big numbers are easier to do
in in in the digital realm than they are
in the, you know, the real world. But
yeah, I agree. I'm I'm not I'm not like
But I mean,
I it it's Yeah, I agree. I agree with
you. I agree with you.
>> It could be all kinds of things. Like
you could have like a top selling day or
a top listing day or anything like that.
Like you could use that as a title and
kind of focus on that. Doesn't have to
be like a crazy big number. It could be
all kinds of things.
>> Yeah.
>> Could be relatively relative to other
like here big numbers. That's that's the
first thing on the list right here.
>> Big numbers hit, right? Like that's in
general.
>> They do. So if you have the opportunity
then maybe you know you could market it
that way.
>> Absolutely. I
>> I'm I'm picking up some stuff I want to
use.
>> That was some great advice perf. Thanks
thanks for saying that.
>> Yeah, I thought about that the other day
because I remember those specific
videos. I watched those and I was like
wow this is like one concept. This video
is like one concept.
>> So one story like how you got it and
like you what you're going to maybe sell
it for and stuff like that.
It's it's also we we kind of fall into
routine and things get, you know, same
same and lazy, predictable, you know,
use all these words
>> and uh Yeah. So,
>> there's still a lot of people there's
still a lot of people that enjoy it and
watch it and sit back and like you said,
kind of comfort watch it, right? So,
it's not a bad thing.
>> Oh, well, no. It's just harder to get
new people to subscribe and get into the
videos. Yeah. And that's probably what
you want as a YouTuber. like your goal
is to, you know, grow, right? So, right.
>> Yeah. It's just harder because the
marketing is so important nowadays on
YouTube.
So,
>> I'm not
>> I'm not good at selling myself.
>> No, I think I think
I think like the way you do your videos
is fine, like how you present
everything. It's just maybe you have to
think more about like how do I market
the video?
>> Mhm.
>> That's Yeah. And that takes effort. Like
I've even run my ideas through Chad GPT
for example,
you know, like I I make a thumbnail,
right? I have the thumbnail already and
I'm not 100% sure like, oh, what title
is good? And I ask Chad GPT like do you
like this title with this thumbnail?
Something like that. And then sometimes
you get great ideas, inspiration.
>> Yep.
It's like the question is how much
effort do you want to and time do you
want to put into your thumbnails and
titles kind of that's like you know
>> that is the question and
>> that is
>> that's that's really the difference
between Ryan and I
>> and always has been do you do you put a
lot of time into it
>> a ton when I was doing YouTube I put a
lot of time into my titles and thumbs
>> you probably saw good results because of
that too right
>> oh absolutely
>> my My thumbnails were very rarely just a
screen grab of a scene in the video.
>> Very rarely
>> do they
right?
>> The thing is a lot of times they looked
like they were screen grabs from the
video but they weren't. They were
actually manufactured by me by using
>> the jackpot of a lifetime found.
Good titles. Yeah,
>> the caps. Yeah, the caps lock.
That was my biggest video, I think.
>> Wait, so those video those thumbnails
are not they're not
>> um I would have to see I would have to
see the specific ones. Uh jackpot of a
lifetime. I think that one was a screen
grab with just text.
>> Yeah.
>> But um
>> but I think most of them were like the
titles were really engaging. I think for
those
>> Yeah,
>> they kind of made you kind of added that
mystery to the like if you see the video
with the thumbnail then you kind of the
title you kind of have to click it to
find out what's going on and that's like
something that helps works too like you
kind of add that mystery. You don't
spoil everything in the in the title and
thumbnail,
>> right? That's also a thing that helps. I
played a around a lot with like colors
and uh
>> y
>> you know like brightness and all that,
you know, it's got to pop. It's really
important. Dude, there's a guy in one of
these videos that looks like you almost.
>> Me?
>> No, no, I'm sorry. Uh Ryan,
>> what video?
>> Hang on. I'm gonna I'm gonna share it
with you real quick. Looks It looks just
like you. Uh here. I think this one
there. You getting that?
>> See?
>> Yep.
>> Okay. Look at this dude right here.
>> Look at that. Okay. It doesn't look like
as much like you now, but when I when I
first saw like like [__] just Ryan.
>> Oh, you can see where people are like
scrolling to too because that's most
watched there. That's where like key
where like the moments happen, the crazy
stuff happens
>> or the sales happen or like
>> how many views did that one get? I don't
even remember.
>> 4.5 likes.
>> 124.
>> Okay,
>> it got ver it got ver views.
>> Something happened here. I don't know
what happened. Ah,
>> the difference is like
>> he probably doesn't spend 300 hours
making this video,
>> right?
>> That's awesome.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I put a lot of time into
that channel.
>> You know, Ryan, if you had kept like I
still like there was a time where I was
really pushing Ryan to quit his job. I
didn't understand at the time
>> because like if I I feel like if Ryan if
if it wasn't a family business
>> it was a job.
>> I'd be a YouTuber probably.
>> Ryan would Ryan would have quit his job.
It was more loyalty to family than
loyalty to job. That's that's I'm just
saying I've never said that to you
before.
>> That's pretty
>> I would tell Ryan a couple times a
month. I'd be like, "Dude, you need to
quit your job. You need to do this full
time." because I because he was so
skilled at it and so like he enjoyed it
so much
>> and I I really feel like that channel,
dude, if you would have kept going and
you would have never stopped, that
channel might have a million subs right
now.
>> I think so.
>> It's kind of like Froggy Flips where he
kept making those garage videos and he
kept growing and growing and then it
snowballs and yeah, it goes faster and
faster, right? If you got those
>> Froggy Froggy flips changed though
because when he first like like when I
actually knew him
>> uh he he was a reseller like me.
>> Yeah.
>> But when what really got popular for him
is when not when he was reselling it but
when he was buying it to collect.
>> Oh
>> yeah. And and showing it I guess. I mean
he still from what I can see he still
goes to like garage sales and stuff and
shows the stuff. I guess
>> he does the whole thing
>> except for the selling it part.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Dude, what if what if I what if I
positioned myself
as I'm a collector and I wore like a
nice suit and tie, right? And I'm this
distinguished collector and I walk in
with
>> I'm going to miss you walk to the
shelves and put and grab the item from
shelves.
>> Those videos wouldn't be the same. And I
never talk about selling it. Now I just
showed like I'm adding this to
>> you just changed the channel to shed
stuff or something.
>> Shed.
>> And then in And why where's that stuff
at, Lonnie? Where did that other stuff
go?
>> Oh, I have archives. I have buildings
where I keep my archives. This is my uh
this is what I just want to present
today.
>> It's in warehouse A
storage units.
because that that's that was the big
difference for Froggy. He went from like
man when he was doing the kind of like
buying and selling content, you know, he
wasn't doing all that great.
>> His you is basically his YouTube got so
big that that's his job now basically.
Well, for what it looks like,
>> he turned like the videos into the job
basically.
>> He's he's he's collecting now.
>> Yeah. you know that like he turned he
went from reseller to collector and
that's when he uh
>> because a lot of people get turned off
by profit motive and like they feel like
it's greed and it's it feels a lot more
pure to the audience
>> um and joyful and just happy like
whenever he's like yes I bought this to
add to my collection that's awesome
>> instead I bought it to resell it for
like $200 profit or something it's more
wholesome feel good Yeah,
>> end of day,
>> a lot of times, not all the time,
because we deal with a lot of people
that know what we're doing.
>> A lot of times we're making money. Why?
But off of people's ignorance,
>> right,
>> because they weren't smart enough. And
that
>> But a lot of people forget that it takes
a lot of time to make that money. You
pay taxes, you you do this, you do like
it's a lot of time.
>> Listed, ship it. Yeah,
>> it it does, but it it doesn't it doesn't
change the base emotional response to it
>> for sure.
>> You know, but that it's not as pure.
It's a guy, you know, like
>> it's pro profit is
>> people never think of all the logistics.
It's always just, you know, oh, he's
buying it for for this cheap price and
ripping this person off and selling.
>> I remember you.
>> That's what they see. made I I remember
Lonnie made this video where he opened
CDs and he found like $200 into one of
these CDs
>> and like I saw a bunch of people say
like, "Oh, you should return it." If I
was if I was you, I would have gone back
to that garage and returned his money.
And then I was thinking like every time
you bought something that you thought
would work, you would come home and it
didn't work.
>> Like you wouldn't go back to that place
and say like, "Oh, this didn't work. Can
I get my money back?" Right?
>> And you know what? That was part of my
justification, Verve,
>> because like you say, like I bought a
Bose radio that I tested at the garage
sale and it worked fine. I paid $50 for
it
>> because I thought I could sell it for
like about $170. I get it home it and
all of a sudden it's like,
>> yeah,
>> those kind And I buy stuff all the time
that never worked to begin with because
I didn't test it when I bought. I never
bring that stuff back. I never have gone
back.
>> Exactly. ever. But I do, to be honest, I
do wish um in retrospect I I should have
brought the CDs back because I wasn't
buying I do feel bad about that. I
regret that because I wasn't buying the
cash. I was buying CDs and the cash was
there.
>> And whenever like if I would have and
this is how I know that I did the wrong
thing there.
If ver if I'm following if I'm walking
behind you like spying on you or
stalking you say
>> uhu
>> and you verse like where you going and
you drop and I and I see you drop your
wallet
>> right
>> it's not fair play for me to keep your
wallet.
>> Oh of course not.
>> Yeah.
>> It's a mistake. You didn't mean to drop
your wallet any more than those people
meant to leave $200 in a CDK.
>> True.
>> Yeah. You know, I I have regrets about
some things that I've done in this
business. I do. And I just try and like
>> adjust my behavior and move on, you
know,
>> and and and try and be better and more
fair and and still make
>> We all make mistakes and learn, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Right.
>> Have beef come beefs go, right?
>> Wants to be for the for the thumbnails
and and the titles,
>> right? Hey, look. I have look, you know,
you know, we can get a beef going with
Verf. It'd be a hard beef to to pull
off, but like like
>> stupid Runescape game and like
>> No, no, no. Not that's not how like
like, "Hey, Verf, what what what kind of
video you working on right now?" Oh,
Lonnie, I'm gonna kill a million
whatevers, right? And then I'm like, and
I and I start doing the same thing,
right? And then you you drop your video.
I I killed a million whatevers. And then
an hour later I dropped mine. I killed
one million and one of those things.
>> But then but the difference is you
didn't actually do it.
>> Well, what if I did though?
>> I wish you good luck.
>> I know. I wouldn't want to do that. You
Whoever did that would earn it, right,
Ver?
>> Yeah.
Oh man. Well, this was fun. This was a
fun one.
>> Yeah,
>> Ryan,
>> what
>> do you want this to go 12 hours?
>> I mean,
>> birth.
>> It would be good. It would be good for
the title.
>> I know,
>> right? Like we were just talking about
12hour
>> trying to break the longest podcast
record or whatever,
>> right?
>> Actually, that would be the most verf
thing ever, right?
Verf said big numbers so we kept him
here for 12 hours
then
>> I'll be very tired
>> I can't go to sleep yet
>> verf man it's been a real pleasure uh
talking with you
>> thanks for having me
>> and coming on
>> yeah man
>> really app
>> honestly man I didn't I had no like we
we've talked in comments like just in
passing but nothing in depth
>> I I genuinely had zero clue if you were
gonna be willing to do this or not.
>> Yeah, why not?
>> Well, why not?
>> Hey, I'm I'm a fan of you guys
technically, right? So, like it's fun to
talk to you guys. It's like why not?
>> We didn't know if you really were or
not. I guess we
>> found I've watched those videos.
>> So, yeah, man. We This was a big deal.
We don't we don't even have 3,000 subs
on this little channel. And uh
>> do you guys want do you guys want me to
uh to share this podcast with some of my
viewers or
>> that's no I'm not going to ask you to do
that if you want to
>> like Discord. I can like share it with
like some of my like closer people.
Yeah, I can totally do that.
>> If if you want to that's great. If you
don't that's cool too, man.
>> I always share like the podcast I go on
like you know people might see it. So
>> but I don't want I don't want you to
think that was part of it. like we
wanted
>> we wanted we wanted to talk to you
>> but we're not trying to tap into your
audience or anything like that. We're
not like I don't want you to feel like
we're trying to, you know.
>> No, I was thinking right like do your
viewers appreciate it because I'm like a
completely different niche and like
would they be interested in it, you
know? So that's like I was wondering
that but I I think people that are into
like the the subjects and like YouTube
and stuff will probably enjoy it, right?
>> Oh, absolutely. Yeah, we covered a lot
of good topics here.
>> You guys could put like timestamps even
in fe in podcast, right? So, like could
help because like some people might not
be interested in everything, but if you
put timestamps, they could skip to like
certain parts and then maybe the the
average watch time is higher. I don't
know. But like I've seen people do that.
It's kind of nice.
>> We may even start making a few shorts
here and there to try and attract some
because they shorts do bring shorts do
bring new new people to your channel.
They do.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> You got you you got to remember this is
a an infant channel here that we're
dealing with. This is a baby, you know.
We only we only get um we we get
anywhere from what 1300 to I think our
highest
>> views,000 maybe.
>> Podcasts are different though. Podcast
that way.
>> Yeah, it's hard. I There's also so many
people doing podcast right nowadays.
>> Yeah,
>> but like I would say just experiment,
right? Just try things. Yeah.
>> Our our end goal with this though um we
want to bring in big channels. We want
to bring in little channels to give them
exposure.
>> We want to bring you in. You
>> you'll help us. We're not you. We don't
really have anything to offer you
>> from from where we're at, right?
>> They're just having a conversation about
YouTube and like all kinds of topics
like you pick up things from each other,
>> right? But I I mean just like as like a
transactional type thing, you know, like
like we're not going to bring
>> but like I was really curious about some
more in-depth information directly from
you guys about reselling and like your
thought process and stuff. So yeah. No,
>> but wait, I'm trying to remember what I
was Man, my memory has been really
>> I'm trying to remember where I was going
with that.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh gosh. I'm sorry. I'm I'm a brain dump
there. So is your goal for the viewers
with these spot like Okay, now go ahead.
>> You you you joged it. You you you tapped
right into it. So no, what the the goal
here um you you've seen that it's been
resellers, right? Resellers re
ultimately
slowly like boiling a frog that doesn't
know he's being boiled. We want this
podcast to be an anything podcast. We
don't want, we intentionally didn't
title this, well, we didn't even really
name the channel, I guess, really.
>> Uh, there's a reason there's we're not
branding this channel about reselling.
It's because we
>> we hope to escape the gravity of the
reselling world at some point.
>> It's like you guys can talk about your
niche and then talk to other people that
are maybe specialized in something else
and kind of learn from each other.
>> Exactly.
>> Like we're doing right here.
>> Right here. It's cool. Yeah. No, that's
a great idea.
>> It'd be really interesting to learn
about different things.
>> Yeah, exactly. So, we're
>> we brought you in, which we're
fortunate. We had some not not really, I
guess, not a a standard relationship,
but we had some method to like reach out
to you. It wasn't like weird or
anything.
>> Uh, we're going to do that as much as
possible and we're going to get a whole
bunch of nos and every now and then we
hope we get a yes, you know. Yeah, I
think like a lot of bigger channels
probably you approach them via like a
business email or some kind. I feel like
you could just go and send those emails
to those people and then contact them
that way or try to get in contact, you
know.
>> Worst they can say is no or ignore us,
you know.
>> I know I I know in a Runescape community
like a lot of people are pretty open for
this type of stuff.
So
>> I think in like I think in other gaming
communities or other communities I'm
like I'm sure like if the people have
time they'd be willing to come on and
have a chat and have fun unless they
aren't comfortable doing it but you know
>> right
you're good luck Verve
>> what happened? Did you sell something?
>> I did. Yeah. Look at that. Sold sold a
$300 Civil War chess set.
>> Nice.
>> Nice
>> into that one. Um I paid 50. I'm I was
going to collect just add it to the
collection, but uh I forgot I already
had one so I sold my extra one. I
remember
it's funny. I remember a while ago you
were into chess and you were playing it
like in your videos. I was like seeing a
screen and around that same time I was
also I also got into chess and I played
it for a few months. So that was pretty
interesting. But I stopped playing
because it was way too timeconuming.
>> You know why I stopped playing? Because
>> because it's it's like, okay, we're
human beings and we have special
characteristics that that we can do
things uh that that machines and
computers can't do by virtue of us
having souls and being humans and having
brains.
>> Uhhuh.
>> We'll never beat a computer.
>> Never.
>> Right. you know, and and I don't know it
it
>> that's why you're so
>> Yeah. And I I just
>> That's so funny.
>> I felt like, you know, like your
painting that you do
>> Uhhuh.
>> that's a human thing. That's a very
human activity. And whereas chess just
started feeling so like
>> But but there are people that make
digital art that that is really good
too. and like dig, you know,
feel like paint maybe traditional
painting isn't as common anymore
compared to like digital art nowadays.
>> Yeah.
>> But I get it. Like I I think like with
the chess stuff like people could also
cheat really easily, right? Because they
can use like uh programs or whatever.
>> They have been a lot. And it's funny you
brought that up because in a local
Facebook group, someone said, "Hey, is
there a is there a chess club here in
town or do I have to drive to Baton
Rouge, which is which is a neighboring
city?"
>> And man, I I replied to it. That's what
I would do. I would love to play chess
in person,
>> right?
>> I'm not I'm not interested in playing on
the computer anymore.
>> Makes sense.
>> Y
>> What's your favorite opening? Uh, I used
to play at Italian.
>> Ah, you play Italian?
>> Italian opening. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> And I I think I did a bit of the London
as well, but yeah, Italian was my
favorite.
>> Okay. Huh. In there. Oh, you know what?
You know what I used to play for fun?
>> Um, the Danish Gambit. You ever played
that?
>> No. That sounds very specific.
>> You give up you give up two pawns early
on to
>> Those are scary. Those openings. Those
are very attack like attack oriented.
>> Yeah. And there there's lots of action
and there's no you never get the
material advantage back. You all you're
going for is uh spa space and time
advantage and then once you get that
>> you got to go for the throat fast.
>> No, my style is like slow um what is it
called? Like um positional plays.
>> Positional. Yeah.
>> Improve my position. be very slow and
then slowly chip down and slowly like
you know there's no escape anymore and
kind of win like that.
>> Wait until they blunder or make a
mistake and yeah kind of like that.
>> With white I usually like to play the re
ruy lopez and with black pieces I
usually like to play the Sicilian
defense.
>> That's good openings.
>> Yeah, Sicilian defense is pretty is a
pretty sharp line too. It's sharp.
>> Mhm.
What was your ELO on chess?
>> Oh, what? I I never Oh. Oh, in
chess.com. Oh, it wasn't that high. It
was like maybe a max of like 1700 or
something. And I was never that great.
>> It's pretty good. 17.
>> Yeah. But
>> I mean, the guys that are really good,
they're they're obvious. I mean, I don't
I don't consider somebody really good
until it's like around 1900, 2000.
That's that's when it gets serious.
That's when you can start getting like
international titles and stuff,
>> right?
>> Right.
>> But I I hope I hope we can get Man, if
there's a if a chess club pops up here
local, I'm joining.
>> There's
>> I would love
>> There's nothing close to you.
>> Uh I don't not that I know of.
>> Not that Do y'all probably have chess
all over the place where you're at, huh?
>> Uh I think so. like local clubs probably
smaller places where you can play. Yeah,
probably. Probably. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So,
>> I never really get into chess.
>> Yeah.
>> I tried to play I tried to play chess
with Ryan for
>> Yeah, you kicked my butt bad every time.
>> That That wasn't the point. I mean,
>> I was just messing around, too. Like, I
wasn't trying to be good. So,
>> a lot of people like know what all the
pieces do, but they don't really put too
much thought in it basically. Yeah. Just
for fun. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Ver, you know what? You're You're going
to get credit for the longest episode
ever right here.
>> Three hours. That's great.
>> This is This is nothing.
>> It'll be a little less probably.
>> This is nothing for Verf though. Three
hours.
>> No,
>> it's child's play. You just burnt
180,000 logs for
three months straight.
>> I've been playing Runescape doing all of
this, you know. No experience.
>> Oh,
>> wait. Have you been?
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> How many
>> That's impressive. I had no idea.
>> How many How many uh How many games do
you How many accounts you
>> Just one. Just one.
>> Yeah. No more. I just want a character
right now. But I was just I was just
doing like I find it really hard to do
nothing I guess when I'm on the
computer. I guess I'm talking right but
like I always want to do something I
guess.
>> Yeah working on one of my accounts. It's
not very active but yeah
>> I was like thinking like should I play
during the podcast like yeah I always do
that so why not?
>> Did you ever play poker?
>> Did you ever play poker before?
I think a few not like with some friends
like in the past but
>> okay
>> cuz I remember back in the day I used to
play online poker when it was a thing uh
haven't played in a long long time
>> and man some of those guys there were
some people that would play like 24
24 uh screens at once.
>> What?
>> Yeah, that's too many.
>> No. Yeah, some of them were pulling.
>> Wow. Wow. Sounds like a headache.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> Because everybody else was that bad that
you didn't have to play that good, you
know? Had to play
>> basic basic poker and they
>> Yeah, competitive poker is crazy. I've
seen like some YouTube videos about it.
>> I I watch so much stuff like when I'm
playing Runescape, I like to just
sometimes just get into a topic and just
go crazy and just watch a lot of videos
>> and just pass the time and like learn
stuff, I guess. And that's how also how
I got into reselling at one point. I
just randomly found one of those videos
and now I just watch it. I guess
>> there's a couple topics like that I'm
just into because it's just interesting
to watch while I play,
>> you know. Um that mostly stuff I learned
something about.
>> Yeah.
>> So you find it really hard to just only
play Runescape, right?
>> I never do that. Never.
I watch I I watch like chess content,
reselling content, some science
channels, just really random random like
a lot of different stuff. Yeah.
>> Okay. I I I do too. I watch I watch a
lot I like Yeah, I watch a lot of chess
content too, especially when there's a
lot of cheating going on.
>> Uh and Magnus Magnus and Hikaru who was
that guy that that's uh
>> Hans Hans Nean.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> That was a lot of crazy. Yeah, that was
crazy.
>> Yeah.
>> Magnus,
that's a late
>> He's late for like every uh
>> Oh, yeah. match.
people like
>> Where's he from? Is he Is he Dutch? No,
>> he's from Norway, I believe.
>> Oh, Norway.
>> Yeah, Magnus is from Norway, I believe.
>> Yeah.
>> To an American, that's the same thing.
>> It really like honestly.
>> Have you guys ever heard of the game
guessing?
>> Yes. So, that's actually a game I've put
in hundreds of hours and I played a lot
and actually made a YouTube channel for
that for
>> Oh, is that the What's the big creator
that does that?
>> Uh, Rainbolt.
>> Yes, Rainol.
>> Yeah,
>> that dude's a legend.
>> I was I was into that game for a long
time. I got pretty good at it, too.
>> So,
>> really?
>> Okay. So, you you you were able to look
at like a scene and then figure out
where in the world it was.
>> I can still do that probably. Like if
you open the game and you you load me
into a place, I can tell you where where
you are.
>> Yeah, I still know it's
>> Does it give you hints as you go? I
don't really know that.
>> You kind of just learn um like at some
point I learned what every language
looks like for example and I learned
what side of the road does every country
drive on. You kind of just memorize that
stuff and then at some point you kind of
>> this plus this plus this is this country
you know
>> becomes a logic puzzle. Sri Lanka for
example random random example there's an
island called Sri Lanka and they have a
specific language with like kind of look
like circles
>> and they drive on the left so if you see
that you instantly know like oh I'm
there and then there's also things like
you know the Google car that they drive
around with there specific cars that you
can see if you look down like it has
like um
>> uh like kind of like a roof rack for
example and it's only they only use that
specific Google car in like two
countries for example so then you know
these it's it go it goes really deep
some of the things that that you learn
and like signs you know like
>> bersong along the road that type of
stuff
>> and then like one way I I use for
America and Canada in US they use uh
miles and in Canada they use kilometers
right so that's how I like you know
different that kind of stuff and then
you just yeah a lot of that stuff
together
>> yeah you you make it sound like oh you
just have to know this this and but it's
basically you have to know everything
about the whole world basically is what
you're saying
>> it's easy no big deal if you if you play
Runescape all day you have a lot of time
right it's
>> truecape is a game
>> it's easy to play while also doing
something else so like you know I just
started learning that stuff for fun and
like to get good at the game for example
>> I learned everything in the world
>> yeah like driving sites languages
science
Yeah, pretty much.
>> That's so funny.
>> That's interesting because today I
learned that Holland wasn't a country.
>> No, man. Like like uh uh all those um
all the Nordic country. I don't know
anything. Do you wear wooden shoes? Is
that something y'all do?
>> Wooden shoes.
>> Wait, is that Holland?
>> Oh, I know what you're talking about.
Yeah, we're talking about those like
it's called clumpen. It's like a typical
like Dutch thing that Yeah. I don't wear
those. They they don't sound very
comfortable. I think they probably use
that back in the day. I know what you're
talking about.
>> So that's not a
>> That's what Americans That's what
Americans think of when they think of
that.
>> Yeah. They probably think of cheese,
wheat, and like those shoes or
something.
>> Y flowers
>> and windmills.
>> Yeah. I was going to ask you to show out
your window to show us your windmill.
Well, I can tell you one thing. It's
it's flat everywhere, but I don't have
windmills outside of a window. So, and
fields.
>> Do you live in a house or an apartment?
Like, what kind of or a flat?
>> Me and my wife actually bought a house
recently and it's and it's being worked
on. It's almost done.
>> Um, we used to live in apartments before
in like the previous years. We had a
different two we lived in two different
apartments.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Nice.
>> Mhm.
>> And And do you What kind of car do you
drive? I'm That's the last question I
ask.
>> It's nothing special. It's a a
Volkswagen.
Volkswagen up.
>> A Volkswagen.
>> Yeah. Volkswagen up. It's called
>> Wait. Oh. Oh, you were saying the name
of it. What is it called?
>> Yeah. Yeah. The call. It's Volkswagen.
What Ryan was saying. And then it's
called the It's Up.
>> Volkswagen.
>> Yeah.
I don't think
>> I think you guys have way different cars
in here, too. Like I feel
>> we have Volt We have Volkswagens, but we
don't I don't drive way bigger cars. I
feel
>> Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
>> and stuff like Yeah. It's crazy.
>> Yeah. We have a lot of
>> We don't We don't have the compact cars.
>> Yeah. We don't have any crazy We don't
have any crazy car yet. I don't really
use the car. My wife uses the car to go
to work every day, but I I don't really
use the car that much. So,
>> you might go a couple of weeks at a time
without leaving the uh leaving the
house, huh?
>> It's not that bad.
>> No,
I I I I have a wife. I do we do stuff
together, you know. It's not like I
don't you know, a lot of a lot of
viewers always like some viewers think,
you know, like uh gaming all day,
sitting in your house all day, never
leave it. People always joke about it,
but no, I have a pretty normal life
besides from playing a video game all
day.
You know why I think people think that?
I think a lot of I think a lot of video
game content creators
uh don't have a normal life,
>> right?
>> Yeah, there's definitely some of those,
>> you know, like
>> Yeah. Like like maybe no education or
partner or whatever or maybe
>> there's some of those for sure.
>> Yeah.
>> But yeah, thank you for having me on. It
was great.
>> Absolutely. Absolutely. Appreciate it.
>> It was really cool to like actually talk
to you guys after watching the videos
for so long, too.
>> Yeah, you too. You too. So, Verf
officially holds the longest uh episode
on the on the pod. Yeah.
>> He gets
>> Oh. Oh, here you go, Ver. I have an
idea.
>> Okay.
>> For on our way out, uh we've been asking
this a lot. Um
>> this is a little different. Who would
you like to see us invite? I mean, we
may or may not get them, but can you
give me a few uh ideas for people that
we can invite to the pod, whether we can
get them or not? I mean, if you know,
they have to be somewhat attain maybe
attainable hopefully.
>> Like any genre or like
>> Yeah. Who would
>> anybody?
>> Yeah,
>> anybody.
>> I actually knew you guys were going to
ask this and I was already having
trouble like thinking of someone
>> because I could recommend like a someone
from Runescape, but uh
>> I don't know if we should do another
Runescape.
>> No, no, no. I don't think you guys
should. You guys should like because you
mentioned you want to focus on
different, you know, genres and stuff.
>> Um
>> or it could even be a reseller if you
watch other resellers that we haven't
done.
>> Have you guys had Froggy flips on? Oh,
that's a You know what? We have
>> That is a good one.
>> There you go.
>> That is
>> Yeah, go for it.
>> You've mentioned him several times, so
that would make sense.
>> Yeah, you can guys can get into like the
you know his world chains and stuff and
Yeah, I would be interested to see that.
Yeah. Okay, that's my recommendation
>> if if we can get them.
>> Yeah, if he wants to.
>> Exactly. I don't We never know. We
haven't been told no that often yet so
far. Actually, have we been told no?
>> I don't think we have.
>> No, not yet. We're not asking the right
people.
>> People People are usually very open for
this stuff.
>> It's just fun to hang out, to have a
conversation. Yeah,
>> it is.
>> Yeah, I appreciate it. It was fun.
>> Yeah, thanks.
>> Yeah, thank thanks a bunch for uh
joining us, Ver. And uh
>> Yeah, man. Thanks so much. Was fun.
>> See you everybody.
>> Have a great day. Bye. Bye.